## CHAPTER 3: STEP UP

The morning rain drums against Zoe's apartment windows in a rhythm that matches
my pulse—steady, insistent, marking time until tonight changes everything. We're
sitting at her small kitchen table, reviewing corporate social protocols on a
secured tablet while the smell of real coffee mingles with the ozone scent
drifting up from the street below.

"It's like riding a bike," Zoe tells me, scrolling through profiles of Cygnus
executives I might encounter. "You never really forget."

Her platinum blonde hair catches the gray light filtering through the
rain-streaked glass, and the bioluminescent modifications along her left arm
pulse gently in response to her heartbeat. Even in casual clothes—a simple tank
top and worn jeans—she carries herself with the awareness of someone who's
learned to read people for survival.

"Except if you fall off this bike, the consequences are significantly worse than
scraped knees," I mutter, studying the face of Dr. Elena Vasquez, Cygnus's head
of neural research. Sharp features, minimal visible modifications, the kind of
intense focus in her eyes that speaks to genuine brilliance rather than
corporate ambition.

Zoe sets down her coffee cup, the ceramic making a soft clink against the
saucer. "I've seen you talk your way past military-grade security with nothing
but a fabricated identity and that smile of yours. Corporate small talk should
be manageable by comparison."

"Different skill set entirely." I lean back in the uncomfortable kitchen chair,
feeling the familiar pre-job tension building in my shoulders. "Security guards
follow predictable protocols. Corporate socialites are chaos variables with
agendas I can't predict and motivations that change with their stock prices."

"True," she concedes, taking the tablet to flip through the event details Marcus
provided. "But you have advantages they don't expect. The preview tonight is
smaller, more intimate. Perfect for reconnaissance without the pressure of a
full-scale operation."

Pre-event reconnaissance. The words have a comfortable weight to them, like
settling into familiar armor. I can handle reconnaissance. It's the social
engineering component that makes my stomach twist with something that isn't
quite fear but isn't confidence either.

"Your cover identity is solid," Zoe continues, sensing my hesitation. "Mira
Chen, technology correspondent for Pacific Rim Business Journal. The credentials
Marcus fabricated are impeccable, and you already have the technical background
to discuss their work intelligently."

"And if I run into someone who knows the real Mira Chen?"

"The real Mira Chen is currently on assignment in the Australian Corporate
Territories and hasn't been to N'Kyoto in three years. Marcus doesn't leave
details to chance." Her modified eyes—capable of seeing spectrums beyond normal
human range—study me with the intensity of someone trying to solve a puzzle.
"This job is your audition, Scarth. Succeed, and doors open that you didn't even
know existed."

"And if I fail?"

The bioluminescent patterns on her arm pulse once, slowly, like a dying
heartbeat. "Then you're back to Meridian-level jobs. If you're lucky."

I drain my coffee and stand, the chair scraping against the worn wooden floor of
her apartment. Through the kitchen window, I can see the morning crowds
beginning to emerge onto the rain-slicked streets of the Undercity, a river of
umbrellas and synthetic raincoats flowing between buildings that rise like
concrete and steel cliffs on either side.

"I should go," I say, gathering the tablet and the small case containing my
preliminary equipment. "Long day ahead if I'm going to be ready for tonight."

Zoe rises as well, moving to the window. "Be careful, Scarth. This isn't just
about the job anymore. Marcus Wen doesn't make offers lightly, and from what
I've heard, he's taking unusual risks by bringing you into his circle this
quickly."

"What do you mean?"

She turns from the window, her expression serious in the gray morning light.
"People talk. Word is that Marcus has been asking questions about consciousness
transfer technology, neural architecture compatibility, things that go way
beyond simple corporate espionage. Whatever this Cygnus job really is, it's
connected to something bigger."

The observation settles into my stomach like a cold weight. Marcus had been
forthcoming about the job details—extract proprietary data on NeuroSync
technology from Cygnus Solutions—but corporate fixers always have layers of
motivation beyond what they share with their operatives.

"I'll be careful," I promise, though we both know that careful has limited
meaning in our line of work.

I make my way down the narrow stairs from Zoe's apartment to the street level,
emerging into the humid embrace of N'Kyoto's morning air. The rain has softened
to a fine mist that clings to everything, turning the world into a impressionist
painting of blurred edges and reflected light.

The Fractured Glass sits at the intersection of three different
districts—Undercity, Mid-District, and the edge of what used to be called the
Entertainment Quarter before corporate rezoning carved up the city into more
profitable configurations. It's a perfect location for information gathering,
neutral ground where different factions can meet without the territorial
tensions that dominate other areas.

I pause outside the bar's entrance, adjusting the hood of my jacket against the
mist, and take a moment to observe the street life flowing around me. N'Kyoto
never truly sleeps, but it has rhythms—the early morning belongs to service
workers heading to corporate districts, street vendors setting up their mobile
stalls, and the night shift workers making their way home through streets that
shimmer with reflected neon.

A couple passes me on the sidewalk, their conversation conducted in the
rapid-fire mix of Japanese, English, and corporate slang that serves as
N'Kyoto's lingua franca. The woman's left arm bears the distinctive
scarification of someone who's had their neural interfaces upgraded recently,
and the man's eyes glow with the subtle blue of active optical enhancements.
They're probably mid-level corporate employees, judging by the quality of their
clothing and the casual way they display their modifications.

I start walking toward the transit station that will take me to Circuit Couture,
letting the city's morning energy wash over me. The streets in this part of the
Undercity are narrow, designed for foot traffic and the occasional maintenance
vehicle rather than the automated transport systems that serve the corporate
districts. Buildings rise on either side like irregular teeth, their lower
levels housing shops, clinics, and small businesses while residential units
climb toward the perpetually overcast sky above.

The architecture tells the story of N'Kyoto's evolution—older structures from
the early days of urban reconstruction stand alongside newer buildings that
incorporate bioengineered elements, their facades breathing with living
materials that filter air and generate power from ambient light. It's beautiful
in its own way, this hybrid of the organic and synthetic that defines our world.

A street musician has set up near the transit entrance, her guitar modified with
neural interfaces that allow her to layer digital harmonies over the acoustic
strings. The music she creates is hauntingly beautiful, melodies that seem to
respond to the emotional state of passersby through some kind of empathic
resonance technology. I drop a few credits into her instrument case,
appreciating the way her music transforms the mundane act of waiting for
transport into something almost spiritual.

The transit pod that arrives is clean but well-used, its seats bearing the
impressions of thousands of daily commuters. I settle into a window seat and
watch the city flow past as we glide along the magnetic rails that connect
N'Kyoto's various districts. Through the transparent aluminum windows, I catch
glimpses of the vertical farms that supply fresh produce to the corporate
districts, their towering structures glowing with the specialized light
spectrums that encourage plant growth.

We pass through a section where the rails run alongside one of the major
atmospheric processing stations, its massive bio-mechanical lungs breathing in
the polluted air and exhaling something cleaner. The technology is a marvel of
biological and mechanical engineering, living systems that work in harmony with
synthetic components to maintain the delicate environmental balance that allows
a city of twelve million to exist.

The transition from Undercity to Mid-District is marked by a gradual change in
the quality of the buildings, the cleanliness of the streets, and the
sophistication of the people. Here, the architecture incorporates more expensive
materials—bio-responsive glass that adjusts its opacity based on privacy needs,
decorative elements that shift color with the time of day, and integration
systems that make the buildings feel alive rather than merely functional.

Circuit Couture occupies a corner space in one of the Mid-District's more
fashionable areas, its understated elegance standing out among the flashier
establishments that cater to corporate employees with disposable income. The
morning crowd here is different—better dressed, more obviously modified,
carrying themselves with the confidence that comes from financial security and
social status.

I push through the door into Lin's shop, immediately enveloped by the subtle
scent of her signature sandalwood incense and the soft ambient lighting that
makes everything look more expensive than it probably is. Lin emerges from the
back room before the door chime has finished its melodic announcement, her face
lighting up with genuine warmth.

"Scarth! Perfect timing. I was just putting the finishing touches on your
dress."

Lin Chen moves with the unconscious grace of someone who's found her calling,
her dark hair pulled back in a simple ponytail that somehow manages to look
effortlessly stylish. She's wearing one of her own creations—a flowing tunic in
deep burgundy that incorporates subtle bio-responsive fibers, the fabric seeming
to breathe with her movements.

"How did you know I'd be back?" I ask, though the question is more rhetorical
than serious. In N'Kyoto, information flows through channels that most people
never see or understand.

"Lucky guess," she replies with a knowing smile, leading me toward the back of
the shop where her more exclusive items are displayed. "Besides, someone with
your... reputation... doesn't visit my shop to browse. You need something
specific."

She retrieves a garment bag from a secured closet, handling it with the
reverence of someone presenting a work of art. When she unzips it, the dress
inside seems to capture and reflect the shop's ambient lighting, the navy silk
with gold accents creating an interplay of shadow and brilliance that's both
sophisticated and subtly sensual.

"Reactive silk with an underlayer of micro-armor mesh," she explains, running
her fingers along the material with obvious pride. "Looks like standard evening
wear, but it'll stop a knife and distribute the impact of most projectile
weapons."

I reach out to touch the fabric, feeling its weight and the subtle way it
responds to my body heat. "Event wear?"

"For someone who might need to attend higher-profile gatherings. Someone moving
up in the world." Her tone is casual, but her eyes are watching my reaction
carefully.

The fitting room is a small sanctuary of mirrors and soft lighting, designed to
make the customer feel beautiful regardless of what they're trying on. I strip
out of my street clothes—dark leggings that hug my legs and ass in ways I've
grown to appreciate, and a fitted tank top that shows off the work I put into
maintaining my figure.

The dress slides over my skin like liquid, the bio-responsive fibers adjusting
to my body temperature and shape with an intimacy that feels almost alive. The
neckline is sophisticated without being revealing, the hemline hits just above
my knees, and the fit accentuates my curves in ways that feel both professional
and undeniably attractive.

I step out to examine myself in Lin's three-way mirror system, turning to see
the dress from multiple angles. The woman looking back is someone I recognize
but haven't seen in years—polished, confident, dangerous in a way that corporate
types find both attractive and intimidating.

"Perfect," Lin murmurs, making tiny adjustments to the shoulders with practiced
expertise. "You look like you could buy and sell half of Cygnus without breaking
a sweat."

"That's the idea." I turn to examine the back view, noting how the dress follows
the curve of my spine and the way the fabric moves with my body. "Though my hair
needs work."

Lin steps back, studying me with the critical eye of an artist evaluating her
canvas. "The color's faded, and the cut needs refreshing. I know someone who can
fix that."

She produces her comm unit, firing off a quick message with the efficiency of
someone who maintains extensive professional networks. "Kenji will see you this
afternoon. Tell him I sent you."

The address she gives me is in the Arts Quarter, a section of the Mid-District
that caters to people with refined tastes and the credits to indulge them. I
thank her for the dress and the referral, promising to return it in pristine
condition despite whatever the evening might bring.

Back on the street, I decide to walk rather than take transit. The distance
isn't far, and I want to experience more of N'Kyoto's texture, to ground myself
in the reality of this world before I spend the evening pretending to be someone
else.

The Arts Quarter reveals itself gradually as I walk, the functional architecture
of the commercial district giving way to buildings that prioritize aesthetics
alongside utility. Here, the bio-responsive elements are more obvious—building
facades that shift color throughout the day, decorative gardens that incorporate
both organic and synthetic plants, and public art installations that respond to
the presence and mood of passersby.

I pass a small café where the tables are occupied by people engaged in intense
conversations over cups of coffee that steam with colors that definitely aren't
natural. The clientele is a mix of artists, low-level corporate employees, and
people like me who exist in the spaces between defined social categories. Their
conversations create a background hum of creativity and ambition, dreams and
compromises.

A couple at one of the outdoor tables catches my attention—she's wearing what
appears to be a living necklace, some kind of bioengineered organism that
creates patterns of light around her throat, while he's sporting neural
interface ports that glow softly at his temples. They're absorbed in each other,
hands touching across the small table, oblivious to the city flowing around
them.

There's something beautiful about their intimacy, the way they've created a
bubble of connection in the middle of N'Kyoto's overwhelming complexity. It
makes me think about the last time I felt that kind of closeness with another
person, and I realize it's been longer than I want to admit.

The salon Kenji operates is exactly what I expected from Lin's
recommendation—understated elegance that suggests exclusivity without being
ostentatious. The interior is all clean lines and natural materials, with
holographic displays showing various hair and makeup options that shift based on
the client's facial structure and coloring.

Kenji himself is a work of art, his own appearance serving as advertisement for
his skills. His hair shifts between different colors as he moves, some kind of
bio-responsive modification that creates a subtle rainbow effect, and his makeup
is precisely applied to enhance his naturally dramatic features.

"Lin's recommendation," I tell him, settling into the client chair that adjusts
automatically to my body shape and posture.

"Ah yes, the corporate infiltration specialist," he says with casual confidence,
his hands already moving through my hair to assess its current condition. "She
mentioned you'd need something sophisticated but not memorable. Classic beauty
with just enough edge to suggest you're not entirely tame."

His assessment of both my hair and my profession is delivered with the
matter-of-fact tone of someone who's worked with professionals like me before.
In N'Kyoto, discretion is often more valuable than skill, and Kenji clearly
understands the importance of both.

"The pink needs refreshing," he continues, lifting sections of my hair to
examine the faded color. "And the cut has lost its shape. We'll restore the
inverted bob—longer in front, shorter in back—but with more precision in the
layering."

The next two hours pass in the peculiar intimacy of professional beauty work.
Kenji's hands are sure and gentle as he works, transforming my appearance with
the confidence of someone who understands how subtle changes can create dramatic
effects. We talk occasionally—about the weather, about changes in the district,
about the kind of neutral topics that fill comfortable silence without revealing
anything significant.

The chemical processes involved in refreshing the ashen pink color give me time
to think about the evening ahead. The preview at Cygnus is reconnaissance, but
it's also my first real test of whether I can navigate the corporate social
world I've been avoiding since my departure from HX. The skills are still
there—I can feel them, dormant but intact—but using them again feels like
putting on clothes that no longer quite fit.

When Kenji finishes, the woman in his mirror is someone I recognize but haven't
seen in years. The ashen pink of my hair is vibrant again, the longer front
pieces framing my face in a way that draws attention to my eyes and the dramatic
dark eyeliner that's become my signature. The cut is precise and modern,
professional enough for corporate settings but with enough edge to suggest I'm
not just another functionary.

"Very classic," Kenji says, putting the finishing touches on the subtle makeup
he's applied to complement the hair color. "Corporate chic with just enough
personality to make you memorable for the right reasons."

I study my reflection, noting how the changes have transformed not just my
appearance but my entire bearing. Posture straighter, expression more confident,
the kind of presence that commands attention without demanding it.

"Perfect," I tell him, meaning it. "Exactly what I needed."

The afternoon sun has broken through the perpetual cloud cover as I leave
Kenji's salon, casting N'Kyoto in a golden light that transforms the city into
something almost magical. The bio-responsive elements in the building facades
respond to the changed lighting conditions, creating waves of color that ripple
across the urban landscape like aurora reflecting off glass and metal.

I decide to take the long way back to my apartment, wanting to savor this moment
of transformation before the evening's demands take over. The Arts Quarter flows
into the Entertainment District, where the afternoon crowd is different from the
morning's commuters—tourists from the corporate districts, off-duty workers
looking for distraction, and the eternal population of street performers and
vendors who make their living from the city's constant circulation of people and
money.

A group of children races past me on the sidewalk, their laughter bright in the
golden afternoon air. They're playing some kind of augmented reality game, their
neural interfaces creating shared visual elements that I can't see but that
obviously delight them. Their joy is infectious, a reminder that even in
N'Kyoto's complex urban ecosystem, simple pleasures persist.

The Entertainment District's transition into the Mid-District is marked by a
change in the crowd's demographics and the sophistication of the establishments.
Here, the street vendors give way to boutique shops, the performers become more
polished, and the general atmosphere shifts from chaotic energy to controlled
excitement.

I pass a small park where someone has installed bio-sculptural elements—living
art that grows and changes over time, creating patterns that will never be
exactly the same twice. A few people sit on benches, reading or just watching
the city flow past, their presence adding human scale to the overwhelming
architecture surrounding them.

The transit pod that takes me back toward my apartment is more crowded during
the afternoon rush, filled with people heading home from day jobs in the
corporate districts. I study their faces, noting the subtle signs of their
various augmentations and the way they carry themselves with the confidence or
resignation that comes from their position in N'Kyoto's complex social
hierarchy.

My own reflection in the transit pod's windows shows someone who fits into this
world but doesn't quite belong to it. The professional appearance Kenji created
gives me the armor I'll need for tonight's performance, but underneath, I'm
still the same person who chose independence over security, uncertainty over the
comfortable predictability of corporate employment.

The thought brings me back to the evening's mission and the reality that in a
few hours, I'll be walking into a world I deliberately left behind. The skills
are still there, the training intact, but using them again feels like stepping
backwards rather than moving forward.

Unless Marcus Wen is right, and this job represents a different kind of forward
movement entirely.

By the time I reach my district, the golden afternoon light has faded back to
N'Kyoto's more typical gray overcast, the city settling into its evening
rhythms. The streets here are familiar territory—not quite Undercity, not quite
corporate, but something in between that suits people like me who exist in the
margins between defined categories.

I stop at a small market to pick up supplies for Pixel, taking a moment to
appreciate the normalcy of the transaction. The vendor is an elderly woman with
minimal visible modifications, her hands quick and sure as she packages the
premium food blend that keeps my cat's health monitoring systems functioning
optimally.

"Special occasion?" she asks, noting my obviously professional appearance.

"Work," I reply, which is true enough without being specific.

"Well, you look lovely," she says with genuine warmth. "I hope it goes well."

The simple kindness in her voice catches me off guard, a reminder that even in a
city built on competition and survival, human connection persists in small,
everyday moments.

My apartment building rises before me, its facade weathered but well-maintained,
the kind of structure that houses people who value privacy and security over
flashy displays of wealth. The biometric scanner recognizes me instantly, and
the elevator carries me up to the sixth floor with its familiar mechanical hum.

Pixel greets me at the door with a soft chirp, her small biomonitor glowing
briefly as she recognizes my presence. She's a calming constant in a life filled
with variables, her simple needs and unconditional affection serving as an
anchor to something real and uncomplicated.

"Hey, girl," I murmur, bending to scratch behind her ears while she purrs and
rubs against my legs. "Big night ahead. Think I'm ready for it?"

She responds with the feline equivalent of a shrug, more interested in the
premium food I've brought than in my professional anxieties.

I feed her and refresh her water, then move to my small workspace to review the
intelligence Marcus provided about tonight's preview. The guest list is
exclusive but manageable—about thirty key players in N'Kyoto's technology
sector, government liaisons, and select media representatives. The venue is
Cygnus Tower's executive lounge, a space designed to impress and intimidate in
equal measure.

The security will be significant but not overwhelming—this is a showcase event,
not a high-risk situation. At least, that's what the briefing materials suggest.
In my experience, corporate events have a way of becoming complicated regardless
of their original intent.

I spread the building schematics across my desk, tracing possible routes from
the executive lounge to the neural mapping laboratory that Tanaka mentioned
during our conversation. The direct approach would require executive-level
access, but there are service corridors and maintenance routes that might
provide alternatives if needed.

Not that tonight is about infiltration. Tonight is reconnaissance, social
engineering, and establishing the relationships that will make tomorrow's actual
operation possible. But old habits die hard, and I've learned that understanding
your environment completely is never wasted effort.

The afternoon light filtering through my apartment windows has taken on the
golden quality that precedes N'Kyoto's spectacular sunsets, when the city's
atmospheric processors create displays of color that rival anything nature
provided before we replaced most of it with synthetic alternatives.

I set aside the mission materials and take a moment to just exist in my space,
appreciating the simple fact that after tonight, everything might change. Win or
lose, succeed or fail, this job represents a threshold between the life I've
been living and whatever comes next.

The woman Kenji transformed me into is beautiful and confident, someone who
belongs in corporate boardrooms and exclusive social events. But she's also a
construction, a tool designed for a specific purpose rather than an authentic
expression of who I am underneath.

The question I keep avoiding is whether I want to become that woman permanently,
or if she's just another disguise in a life that's collected too many false
identities already.

Pixel jumps into my lap, demanding attention with the straightforward honesty
that only cats possess. I stroke her soft fur and listen to her purring, letting
the simple pleasure of the moment ground me in something real before I have to
spend the evening being someone else entirely.

The city outside my windows is settling into its evening rhythms, the lights
beginning to create the neon tapestry that defines N'Kyoto after dark. Soon I'll
need to get dressed, check my equipment, and make my way to Cygnus Tower for an
evening that will determine whether I'm ready for the kind of life Marcus Wen is
offering.

But for now, I'm content to sit with my cat and watch the city transform itself
from day to night, appreciating this moment of peace before the storm of
professional obligation takes over.

The comm unit on my desk chimes softly—a message from Marcus confirming the
evening's timeline and providing final details about the preview event. Reading
it makes the approaching operation feel suddenly real and immediate.

I set Pixel gently aside and move to the window, looking out at the sprawling
complexity of N'Kyoto. Somewhere out there, Dex is waiting in his high-tech
sanctuary, surrounded by the tools I'll need for tomorrow's infiltration. The
thought of seeing him again brings a familiar mix of anticipation and
apprehension, memories of what we had and what he destroyed tangled together in
ways that still make my chest tight.

But that's a complication for later. Right now, I need to focus on the immediate
challenge of convincing N'Kyoto's corporate elite that I'm someone worth talking
to, someone who belongs in their world of power and influence.

The irony isn't lost on me that success tonight depends on becoming everything I
walked away from when I left the corporate world behind.

The sun is beginning its descent toward the horizon, painting the sky in shades
of orange and pink that reflect off the glass surfaces of the corporate towers.
In a few hours, those same towers will be illuminated from within, creating the
light show that serves as N'Kyoto's signature against the night sky.

I check the time—4:30 PM. The preview starts at 6:00, which means I need to
leave my apartment by 5:15 to account for travel time and the inevitable delays
that come with corporate district security.

But first, I have one more stop to make. One more person to see before I can
begin the evening's performance.

I gather my things, give Pixel one final scratch behind the ears, and head for
the door. The next few hours will determine whether Marcus Wen's faith in my
abilities is justified, or if I'm about to discover that some bridges can't be
rebuilt once they've been burned.

The elevator descends toward street level, carrying me back into N'Kyoto's
evening energy. Through the building's lobby windows, I can see the city's
lights beginning to compete with the fading daylight, creating the magical hour
when N'Kyoto transforms from a place of business into something more mysterious
and beautiful.

My reflection in the glass doors shows the woman Kenji created—sophisticated,
confident, ready for whatever the evening might bring. But underneath the
professional exterior, my heart is beating faster than it should, and my hands
are steadier than they have any right to be.

The street outside pulses with evening energy, people emerging from their day
jobs to seek entertainment, connection, or just the simple pleasure of being
part of something larger than themselves. I join the flow of humanity, another
well-dressed figure moving through the urban landscape with purpose and
destination.

The transit pod that will take me toward Dex's workshop is pulling into the
station as I arrive, its arrival perfectly timed with my own approach. Sometimes
N'Kyoto's systems work with a precision that feels almost magical, as if the
city itself is conspiring to help me succeed.

I settle into a window seat and watch the city flow past, letting the rhythmic
motion of the transit system calm my nerves and center my focus. In less than
two hours, I'll be walking into Cygnus Tower for an evening that will either
confirm my readiness for Marcus Wen's world or reveal that some transformations
are beyond my capabilities.

But first, I need equipment. I need tools. I need to see Alexander Bluehand and
navigate whatever complicated history still exists between us.

The transit pod glides through N'Kyoto's evening landscape, carrying me toward a
confrontation I've been avoiding for six months and a future I'm not sure I'm
ready to embrace.

Through the transparent aluminum windows, the city spreads out in all its
neon-soaked complexity, beautiful and dangerous and utterly unforgiving to those
who aren't strong enough to claim their place within it.

Tonight, I'll find out if I'm strong enough.

The industrial district approaches through the gathering dusk, its abandoned
factories and repurposed warehouses creating a landscape of shadows and
possibilities. Somewhere in that maze of forgotten architecture, Dex is waiting
with the tools I need and the complications I don't.

I check my reflection one final time in the window's surface, noting the way the
fading light plays across the ashen pink of my hair and the confident set of my
shoulders. The woman looking back appears ready for anything.

She's also about to find out if appearances are enough.
