## CHAPTER 4: COMPLICATIONS

The abandoned industrial district exists in its own pocket of time, a remnant of
N'Kyoto's manufacturing past preserved in deliberate decay. The buildings here
are older, their facades deliberately weathered to suggest abandonment while
concealing the sophisticated technology that hums within their walls. It's
perfect camouflage for someone like Dex, who needs to remain invisible while
maintaining access to resources most people can't imagine.

I stand before the building that houses his workshop, noting the strategic
placement of fake rust stains and the carefully orchestrated graffiti that
screams "nothing valuable here" to anyone who might be watching. But I know
better. Behind this facade of urban decay lies one of the most advanced
technological laboratories in N'Kyoto, and possibly the man who can make or
break tomorrow night's operation.

The security gauntlet to reach Dex's inner sanctum is as paranoid as ever.
Hidden sensors scan my biometrics as I approach what appears to be a service
entrance blocked by an overflowing dumpster. The dumpster moves aside with
silent hydraulics when my identity is confirmed, revealing a pristine white
corridor that seems to exist in a completely different reality from the decay
outside.

"Identity confirmed," comes the synthesized voice that guides all visitors
through Dex's security protocols. "Proceed to decontamination."

The decontamination chamber floods with a fine mist that removes any external
particulates from my clothing and skin, a necessity when dealing with the
delicate equipment that fills Dex's workshop. The process takes thirty seconds,
during which I study my reflection in the polished metal walls and wonder if I'm
making a mistake by coming here.

Six months. It's been six months since I last stood in this chamber, six months
since I discovered Alexander Bluehand was selling information about my
operations to the highest bidder. Six months since I walked away from what might
have been love if trust hadn't been murdered in its cradle.

The inner door slides open with a soft pneumatic hiss, and I step into the
technological wonderland that Dex calls home.

The workshop spreads out before me in organized chaos—curved display panels form
a 270-degree arc around his modified acceleration chair, holographic projections
float in precise formations around multiple workstations, and the air itself
seems to hum with the electromagnetic signatures of equipment that shouldn't
exist outside corporate research facilities.

Dex is exactly where I expected to find him, curled in his chair with his back
to the entrance, the electric blue glow of his custom optical implant casting
shifting patterns across the holographic displays surrounding him. His shock of
blue hair is longer than I remember, falling across his shoulders in waves that
catch the light from his various screens.

"Well, well," he says without turning around, his voice carrying the same mix of
amusement and challenge that first drew me to him years ago. "Look what the
corporate world dragged back in."

"Hello, Dex."

He swivels to face me, and I catch the moment his gaze travels from my face to
take in my new appearance—the professionally styled hair, the subtle makeup, the
confidence I'm wearing like armor. His pupils dilate slightly as he processes
the changes, the way my dark leggings cling to my legs and the fitted jacket
emphasizes my figure.

"Corporate infiltration," he observes, reading my transformation as easily as he
reads code. "High-level, judging by the quality of your styling. Someone's
definitely moving up in the world."

I don't confirm or deny his assessment, but we both know why I'm here. "I need
equipment. Cutting-edge."

"For Cygnus Solutions." It's not a question. Dex maintains information networks
throughout N'Kyoto that rival anything the corporate intelligence divisions can
deploy. "Ambitious target. Also dangerous."

"Are you going to help, or should I find someone else?"

He unfolds from his chair with that fluid grace I remember too well, the
bioluminescent circuit patterns along his arms pulsing in rhythm with his
heartbeat. When he moves, it's with the controlled precision of someone who's
turned his entire body into a finely tuned instrument.

"Oh, I'll help," he says, stepping closer until I can smell the ozone and
synthetic sandalwood that always clings to him. "But first..." He stops just
within arm's reach, close enough that I can see the way his custom optical
implant dilates and contracts as it adjusts to focus on my face. "It's been a
while, Scarth."

"Six months," I reply, not stepping back despite every instinct telling me to
maintain distance.

"You look..." He pauses, his gaze traveling over my face with an intensity that
feels almost physical. "Better than good. Success suits you."

The compliment lands differently than I expected, carrying weight beyond simple
flattery. There's genuine appreciation in his voice, the kind of recognition
that comes from someone who knew me before the professional polish, who
remembers what I looked like when I was still trying to figure out who I wanted
to become.

"Thank you," I say, meaning it more than I should.

"Though I have to admit, I'm curious." He moves past me to one of his secured
workbenches, his shoulder brushing mine in a contact that's too brief to be
accidental, too deliberate to be meaningless. "Who's backing this operation? You
don't have the resources to prepare for Cygnus-level security on your own."

"That's not your concern."

"Marcus Wen," he says with satisfaction, retrieving something from a locked
drawer. "Has to be. No one else would take the risk on an operator who's been
strictly mid-tier for the past year."

The observation stings because it's accurate, but I keep my expression neutral.
"Equipment, Dex. That's all I need."

"Is it?" He turns back to me, holding a device I don't immediately recognize.
"Because if all you needed was equipment, you could have sent a message. Could
have arranged a dead drop. Could have done this transaction through any of a
dozen intermediaries." He steps closer again, and I can see the way his pulse
beats at his throat, faster than it should be. "But you came here personally.
Why?"

The question hangs in the air between us, loaded with implications neither of us
wants to address directly. The truth is complicated—I came here because Dex has
access to technology I can't get anywhere else, because his skills are
unmatched, because despite everything that happened between us, I trust his work
if not his motives.

I also came because part of me wanted to see him again, to test whether the
attraction that once burned between us had died completely or was merely
sleeping.

"Because I need the best," I say finally. "And you're the best."

His smile is small but genuine, the expression transforming his sharp features
into something almost vulnerable. "Flattery will get you everywhere, Scarth
Johnson."

He turns back to the workbench, but the tension between us hasn't dissipated—if
anything, it's grown stronger, like a current running beneath the surface of our
professional interaction.

"Cygnus uses Quantum-7 protocols for their main security grid," he says, his
voice shifting to the focused tone he adopts when discussing technical
challenges. "Bleeding edge encryption, but not impenetrable. The vulnerability
is in the biometric verification system—they check for pattern matches without
validating the transmission source."

He holds up the device—a neural bridge bypass more sophisticated than anything
I've seen, its surface covered in patterns that seem to shift and flow like
living circuitry.

"This will connect directly with their security panels," he explains, "feeding
them the biometric patterns they expect to receive from authorized personnel.
Range is limited, but once you're in physical contact with their systems, you'll
have full access."

I take the device, noting its weight and the subtle way it warms in my palm.
"How did you—"

"Some questions are better left unasked," he interrupts, but his tone isn't
harsh. "Let's just say that Cygnus isn't the only organization with an interest
in consciousness transfer technology."

The implication settles in my stomach like a cold weight. If Dex has been
working on Cygnus systems, it means the corporate intelligence war surrounding
consciousness transfer tech is more complex than Marcus's briefing suggested.

"What else do I need to know?" I ask.

"That this job is more dangerous than you realize." He moves to another
workstation, gathering additional equipment. "Cygnus security response isn't
just corporate rent-a-cops. They have military-grade Enforcer units with
enhancement packages that make your HX mods look like basic augmentation."

"I'll be careful."

"Will you?" He turns to face me directly, his expression serious. "Because the
Scarth Johnson I knew six months ago would have already asked about my sources,
about who else might be interested in this technology, about what kind of war
you're walking into. The woman standing in my workshop now seems more concerned
with the immediate job than the bigger picture."

His observation hits uncomfortably close to home. I have been focused on the
technical challenges of the Cygnus infiltration rather than the broader
implications of what I'm stealing and why Marcus wants it.

"Maybe I've learned to trust my employers," I say.

"Or maybe you've learned to stop asking questions that might complicate your
paycheck." The words are harsh, but his tone is gentle, concerned rather than
accusatory. "Marcus Wen is a good man, Scarth, but he's not infallible. And the
organization he represents has its own agenda beyond what they share with their
operatives."

"You know about Avalon."

It's not a question, but he nods anyway. "I know enough to be concerned about
how quickly they're moving you up their hierarchy. Avalon doesn't typically
recruit from the independent operator pool. They cultivate talent from within
their own ranks, develop loyalty over years of careful indoctrination."

"Maybe they're adapting their methods."

"Maybe." He retrieves a data extraction spike from a secured cabinet, holding it
up to the light. "Or maybe they're desperate enough to take risks they wouldn't
normally consider."

The spike is beautiful in the way that only the most advanced technology can
be—elegant lines and flowing surfaces that suggest both function and artistry.
When he hands it to me, our fingers brush, the contact sending an unwelcome jolt
through my nervous system.

"Quantum-encrypted data transfer," he explains, though I suspect he's as aware
of the physical contact as I am. "It'll copy encrypted data without triggering
the integrity monitoring systems. Your client will still need to crack the
encryption, but that's their problem."

"And if things go wrong?"

His expression darkens. "Emergency teleport." He produces a small silver disc
that makes my skin prickle when I get too close to it. "One-time use,
pre-programmed extraction point. The genetic disruption is... unpleasant, but
survivable."

I take the disc carefully, feeling the weight of whatever exotic materials it
contains. "This is military-grade equipment, Dex. How did you—"

"Some questions," he says again, but this time there's warning in his voice.
"Are better left unasked."

I'm starting to understand that Dex's information networks and equipment access
go far beyond anything I imagined. The implications are both reassuring and
terrifying—reassuring because it means I'm getting the best possible tools for
the job, terrifying because it suggests I'm walking into a situation more
complex than anyone has told me.

"Is there anything else I should know?" I ask, gathering the equipment he's
provided.

"Yes." He steps closer, close enough that I can see the way the light from his
optical implant reflects in his natural eye. "This isn't just about corporate
espionage anymore. The technology you're stealing... it's not just valuable,
it's dangerous. In the wrong hands, consciousness transfer protocols could be
weaponized in ways that make traditional warfare look like children's games."

"Then maybe it's better in the right hands."

"Maybe." His gaze searches my face, looking for something I'm not sure I want
him to find. "Just promise me you'll be careful. Promise me you won't let Marcus
Wen's agenda become more important than your own survival."

The genuine concern in his voice catches me off guard. Despite everything that
happened between us, despite the betrayal and the broken trust, he still cares
about what happens to me. The realization is both warming and painful, a
reminder of what we had before professional complications destroyed it.

"I promise," I say, though we both know promises are fragile things in our line
of work.

"Good." He packages the equipment in a specialized case designed to shield its
contents from most scanners. "The neural bridge should be sufficient for
standard Cygnus security, but if you encounter anything unusual—anything at
all—abort the operation. No data is worth your life."

I take the case, noting its weight and the subtle way it seems to absorb light
rather than reflect it. "How much do I owe you?"

"Nothing," he says, surprising me. "Consider it an investment in our renewed
professional relationship."

"There's always a price with you, Dex. What do you want?"

He's quiet for a long moment, his gaze holding mine with an intensity that makes
my pulse quicken. "Dinner," he says finally. "After your job is complete. Just
the two of us, like old times."

The request is simple on the surface, but I can read the layers beneath it—the
desire to reconnect, to explore whether what we had can be rebuilt on a
foundation of mutual respect rather than corporate necessity. It's tempting and
dangerous in equal measure.

"One dinner," I agree. "After the job."

His smile is triumphant, transforming his face from sharp and dangerous to
something almost boyish. "I'll hold you to that."

As I turn to leave, he calls my name. "Scarth?"

"Yes?"

"For what it's worth... I missed you. These past six months. I missed having
someone who understood the work, who appreciated the artistry of what we do."

The admission catches me off guard, raw honesty that cuts through the
professional facades we've been maintaining. "I missed you too," I reply,
because it's true even if it's complicated.

"Be careful tonight," he says. "And tomorrow. Trust your instincts, question
what you're told, and remember that in this business, everyone has an agenda.
Even the people who claim to care about you."

The warning follows me as I make my way back through his security gauntlet, past
the decontamination chamber and the hidden scanners, out into the deliberately
derelict exterior of the industrial district. By the time I reach the street,
the sun has begun its descent toward the horizon, painting the sky in shades of
orange and gold that reflect off the glass towers of the corporate district in
the distance.

---

The journey back to my apartment takes me through three different districts,
each with its own character and rhythm. The industrial district gives way to the
commercial zone, where the evening shift is beginning and the streets fill with
workers heading to factories, service centers, and the thousand small businesses
that keep N'Kyoto functioning.

I decide to walk rather than take transit, needing the time to process my
encounter with Dex and the implications of what he's told me. The equipment case
sits heavy against my side, its contents representing both opportunity and risk
in ways I'm still trying to understand.

The commercial district is alive with evening energy—vendors setting up mobile
stalls for the dinner crowd, street musicians claiming their territories, and
the constant flow of people moving between work and home. The air carries the
scent of synthetic foods and the ozone signature of various technological
systems, creating the distinctive smell that defines N'Kyoto's streets.

A group of off-duty factory workers passes me, their conversation a mix of
complaints about management and plans for the evening. Their augmentations are
basic—enhanced strength for manual labor, improved reflexes for dangerous
machinery—but they carry themselves with the dignity of people who know their
work matters. It's a reminder that not everyone in N'Kyoto is caught up in the
corporate intelligence wars that dominate my professional life.

The transition to the Mid-District is marked by cleaner streets, better
lighting, and the subtle presence of private security that keeps the more
dangerous elements of the city at bay. Here, the architecture incorporates more
artistic elements—bio-responsive facades that change color with the time of day,
decorative water features that also serve as air purification systems, and
public art installations that interact with passersby through various sensor
arrays.

I stop at a small café to grab something to eat, settling at an outdoor table
where I can watch the evening crowd while I think through the intelligence Dex
provided. The consciousness transfer technology I'm stealing isn't just
valuable—it's potentially dangerous in ways that could affect more than just
corporate profit margins.

The thought makes me reconsider Marcus's motives for recruiting me. Is Avalon
really just another intelligence organization, or are they something more
idealistic? And if they are idealistic, does that make them more trustworthy or
more dangerous?

My comm unit chimes with a message from Marcus: "Preparation proceeding as
scheduled? Event begins in 90 minutes."

I respond with a simple confirmation, but the message reminds me that I'm
running out of time for second-guessing. Whatever complexities surround this
job, whatever agendas are at play, I'm committed now.

The café's other patrons are mostly people like me—mid-level professionals,
independent operators, people who exist in the spaces between N'Kyoto's major
power structures. Their conversations create a background hum of ambition and
compromise, dreams and accommodations that reflect the reality of life in a city
where everyone is trying to advance their position while avoiding the attention
of those who could destroy them.

I finish my meal and continue toward home, the equipment case a constant
reminder of the evening ahead. The sun has nearly set by the time I reach my
district, the sky painted in deep purples and oranges that reflect off the wet
streets from an earlier rain shower.

My building rises before me, its facade familiar and welcoming after the day's
complications. The biometric scanner recognizes me instantly, and the elevator
carries me up to my apartment with its comforting mechanical hum.

---

Pixel greets me at the door with a soft chirp and the usual demand for
attention, her small biomonitor glowing briefly as she recognizes my presence.
The simple ritual of caring for her—refreshing her water, checking her food
supply, giving her the attention she demands—serves as a grounding counterpoint
to the evening's approaching complexity.

"Big night ahead, girl," I tell her, scratching behind her ears while she purrs
and rubs against my legs. "Think I'm ready for it?"

She responds with the feline equivalent of skepticism, more interested in the
possibility of treats than in my professional anxieties.

I feed her and settle into my favorite chair, letting the familiar comfort of my
space wash over me. The apartment is small but precisely organized, every item
in its place, every system optimized for both comfort and security. It's a
reflection of who I've become since leaving the corporate world—someone who
values efficiency and independence above all else.

But as I sit in the gathering darkness, listening to Pixel's contented purring
and the distant sounds of the city settling into its evening rhythms, I find
myself wondering if efficiency and independence are enough. The attraction I
felt in Dex's workshop, the genuine concern in his voice when he warned me about
the job's dangers, remind me that human connection is more than just a tactical
advantage or a professional liability.

The thought brings me back to Marcus's offer and the larger questions it raises
about what I want from my life. Is the independence I've fought so hard to
maintain worth the isolation that comes with it? And if not, what am I willing
to risk to change that?

My comm unit chimes again—another message from Marcus with final details about
the evening's timeline. Reading it makes the approaching operation feel suddenly
real and immediate, a transition from planning to execution that always comes
with its own particular tension.

I move to my bedroom to begin the transformation process, laying out the dress
Lin created and the equipment Dex provided. The neural bridge bypass sits on my
dresser like a small miracle of engineering, its surface patterns shifting in
the light like living circuitry. The data extraction spike and emergency
teleport disc complete the collection of tools that will determine whether I
succeed or fail tonight.

The shower is hot and soothing, washing away the day's complications and
tensions while I prepare mentally for the performance ahead. When I emerge, the
woman in the mirror is someone I recognize but haven't seen in
years—professional, confident, ready to move through corporate social circles
with the ease of someone who belongs there.

The dress slides over my skin like liquid silk, the bio-responsive fibers
adjusting to my body temperature and shape with an intimacy that feels almost
alive. The fit is perfect, accentuating my figure in ways that will draw
attention without being unprofessional. The gold accents catch the light and
complement the subtle circuitry patterns of my optical enhancements, creating a
cohesive look that suggests both sophistication and underlying danger.

I secure the equipment in the concealed pockets Lin built into the dress,
testing the accessibility of each item while maintaining the garment's elegant
lines. The neural bridge bypass sits against my left thigh, the data spike
against my right, and the emergency teleport disc is disguised within what
appears to be an expensive bracelet.

My hair falls in perfect waves around my face, the ashen pink color vibrant
against the dress's navy fabric. The makeup is subtle but effective, enhancing
my features without overpowering them. The long dark eyeliner that's become my
signature draws attention to my eyes and the gold patterns of my optical
modifications.

The final touch is a pair of heels that add three inches to my height while
maintaining the stability I'll need if the evening goes wrong. They're beautiful
and practical, like everything else about tonight's ensemble.

I stand before the full-length mirror in my bedroom, taking in the complete
transformation. The woman looking back appears perfectly at home in corporate
settings, someone who could navigate high-stakes social situations with
confidence and grace. She's also someone who's prepared for violence if
necessary, though that preparation is hidden beneath layers of silk and
sophistication.

"What do you think, Pix?" I ask, turning to find my cat watching from her perch
on the bed. "Think I can pull this off?"

She blinks slowly, offering feline approval before returning to her grooming.
Her uncomplicated presence is a reminder that not everything in life needs to be
analyzed or optimized, that sometimes simple existence is enough.

I check the time—5:45 PM. The preview starts at 6:30, which means I need to
leave in the next few minutes to account for travel time and the inevitable
delays that come with corporate district security.

But first, I allow myself a moment of quiet reflection, sitting on the edge of
my bed with Pixel purring beside me. The evening ahead represents more than just
a job—it's a test of whether I can reclaim the skills and confidence I've let
atrophy since leaving HX, whether I can navigate the corporate world without
losing myself in its complexities.

It's also a chance to prove that Marcus Wen's faith in my abilities is
justified, that I'm capable of the kind of work that opens doors to
possibilities I haven't even imagined yet.

The city outside my windows is settling into its evening rhythms, the lights
beginning to create the neon tapestry that defines N'Kyoto after dark. Soon
those same lights will serve as backdrop for an evening that could change
everything.

I give Pixel one final scratch behind the ears, gather my things, and head for
the door. The elevator descends toward street level, carrying me back into
N'Kyoto's evening energy and toward whatever the night might bring.

---

The corporate district at night is a different world from the daytime bustle of
commerce and industry. The towers rise like illuminated monuments against the
dark sky, their windows glowing with the work that never stops in a city that
never sleeps. The streets are cleaner here, patrolled by private security that
maintains order through presence rather than force.

The car Marcus arranged is waiting at the designated pickup point—a luxury model
that suggests corporate connections without being ostentatious. The driver is
professional and silent, navigating the evening traffic with practiced ease
while I review the final details of my cover identity.

Mira Chen, technology correspondent for Pacific Rim Business Journal.
Credentials established, background verified, social media presence documented.
The kind of thorough preparation that Marcus's resources make possible.

The Cygnus Tower rises before us as we approach, its twisted architectural form
illuminated from within by soft blue light that suggests both innovation and
mystery. The building's exterior incorporates living elements—bio-responsive
panels that pulse gently with the rhythm of the city's power grid, creating
patterns that are both beautiful and subtly hypnotic.

"Approaching primary entrance," I subvocalize, the words carried through the
encrypted channel to Marcus.

"Acknowledged," comes his immediate response. "Remember, tonight is
reconnaissance. Observe, learn, establish connections. The real operation
happens tomorrow."

The car stops at the designated arrival point, where a Cygnus
attendant—distinguished by the subtle blue circuit patterns embroidered on his
formal attire—opens the door with practiced professionalism.

"Welcome to Cygnus Solutions," he says, his voice carrying the warm authority of
someone who's genuinely pleased to see me. "May I see your invitation, please?"

I produce the digital credential Marcus provided, allowing him to scan it with
his wrist-mounted device. The screen flashes green, confirming my identity as
Mira Chen, accredited media representative.

"Thank you, Ms. Chen. Please proceed to the executive lounge on the forty-second
floor. The preview begins in twenty minutes."

I follow the illuminated path toward the main entrance, my eyes cataloging
security measures beneath the guise of journalistic curiosity. The lobby is
spectacular—a soaring atrium dominated by a holographic display that shows the
Cygnus logo transforming into flowing patterns of light and data. The effect is
both impressive and slightly disorienting, exactly the kind of corporate theater
designed to make visitors feel small and awed.

The elevator to the executive lounge is glass-enclosed, offering a view of the
city as it ascends through the building's hollow center. N'Kyoto spreads out
below in patterns of light and movement, a living organism of twelve million
people going about their lives in the shadow of corporate towers.

The executive lounge itself is elegantly minimalist—clean lines, sophisticated
lighting, and floor-to-ceiling windows that offer commanding views of the
corporate district. About thirty guests mill about with drinks, their
conversations creating the kind of sophisticated hum that suggests serious money
and serious power.

The familiar knot of anxiety tightens in my stomach as I step into the room. I
know I look the part—Lin's dress fits perfectly, my hair is professionally
styled, my makeup is flawless—but being here feels like wearing a costume that
doesn't quite fit. The conversations around me flow in the particular rhythm of
corporate networking, full of subtle references and inside jokes that mark me as
an outsider despite my credentials.

I accept a glass of champagne from a passing server, grateful for something to
do with my hands, and begin my reconnaissance circuit. The physical aspects come
naturally—noting security positions, cataloging escape routes, observing
behavioral patterns. But the social navigation feels rusty, like trying to
remember a language I once spoke fluently but haven't used in years.

"Ms. Chen?" A voice interrupts my observations, cultured and confident. "Mira
Chen from Pacific Rim Business Journal?"

I turn to find myself facing a tall Japanese man in an impeccably tailored suit,
his presence immediately commanding attention even in a room full of corporate
executives. His dark eyes hold mine with interest that seems both professional
and personal, and when he smiles, it transforms his entire face from
intimidating to genuinely warm.

"Yes," I reply, letting genuine pleasure color my voice while trying to ignore
the flutter of nerves in my chest. "Though I'm afraid you have me at a
disadvantage."

"Haruki Tanaka," he says, extending his hand. "Head of Security for Cygnus
Solutions. I wanted to personally welcome you to our preview event."

The introduction sends a small shock through my system—this is the man
responsible for the security systems I'll be penetrating tomorrow night. But
more than that, there's something in his manner that suggests genuine interest
rather than routine corporate hospitality. My pulse quickens, but not entirely
from professional concern. There's something about his direct attention that
makes me acutely aware of how long it's been since I've had to navigate this
kind of social interaction without the safety net of a clearly defined
professional role.

"Mr. Tanaka," I reply, accepting his handshake and noting the strength of his
grip. "I'm honored to meet you. Your reputation precedes you."

"As does yours," he says, and I feel my pulse quicken before I realize he's
referring to Mira Chen's journalistic work rather than my own professional
activities. "Your articles on consciousness transfer technology have been quite
insightful. Not many reporters understand both the technical and ethical
implications of what we're developing."

The compliment is based on research I've done in preparation for this cover
identity, but his genuine engagement with the subject matter creates an
unexpected connection. We begin to talk about the implications of consciousness
transfer technology, and I find myself drawn into a conversation that's both
intellectually stimulating and subtly charged with personal interest.

Part of me relaxes as we talk—this is familiar territory, technical discussions
where I can rely on knowledge rather than social grace. But another part remains
hyperaware of every gesture, every inflection, wondering if I'm saying the right
things, if my responses sound natural or rehearsed. The woman he's talking to
looks confident and professional, but underneath I'm calculating every word,
every smile, every subtle shift in body language.

"Would you like to see something not included in tonight's demonstration?" he
asks after we've been talking for nearly an hour. "There are aspects of our work
that aren't suitable for public discussion, but they might interest someone with
your background."

The offer is either a security test or genuine professional courtesy. Either
way, I can't afford to refuse.

"I'd be honored," I reply.

He leads me away from the main gathering toward a restricted area, his access
credentials opening doors that would stop most visitors. As we walk, I'm acutely
aware of his presence beside me—the confident way he moves, the subtle scent of
his cologne, the way other people in the building defer to him with genuine
respect rather than fear.

"This is our neural mapping laboratory," he says, gesturing to a space filled
with equipment I can't immediately identify. "The real heart of the NeuroSync
project."

The room is impressive, but what catches my attention is the security
setup—biometric scanners, quantum encryption locks, and monitoring systems that
make military installations look casual by comparison. Tomorrow night's
infiltration is going to be significantly more challenging than the briefing
materials suggested.

"The implications are staggering," I murmur, genuinely awed by the technical
sophistication. "Direct consciousness sharing could transform everything from
education to entertainment to..."

"Therapy," he supplies, moving to stand beside me at one of the workstations.
"Medical treatment. Criminal investigation. The applications are limited only by
our imagination and our ethical frameworks."

Up close, I can see the subtle tells of high-end modifications—the too-perfect
clarity of his skin, the precision of his movements that suggests enhanced
reflexes. But unlike most corporate executives, he hasn't gone overboard with
obvious augmentation. He's confident enough in his natural capabilities not to
need flashy upgrades.

"And the security concerns?" I ask, tilting my head in a way that makes my hair
catch the laboratory's lighting. "Technology this powerful must attract
attention from those who might misuse it."

His expression grows more serious. "Indeed. That's why we've implemented
security measures that go far beyond standard corporate protocols. Every system
has multiple redundancies, every access point requires multiple forms of
verification, and every piece of data is encrypted using quantum protocols that
would take centuries to crack."

He's not just showing me the laboratory—he's explaining why it's supposedly
impenetrable. The irony isn't lost on me that the man I'm planning to rob is
personally briefing me on his security measures.

"Your passion for the work is evident," I say, meaning it more than I intended.
"It's refreshing to meet someone in your position who still believes in making
the world better."

"Even corporate security chiefs can have ideals," he replies with a slight
smile. "Though I'll admit they sometimes conflict with practical necessities."

We're standing closer now, the sophisticated equipment creating an intimate
space around us. When he looks at me, there's an intensity that has nothing to
do with NeuroSync technology and everything to do with the attraction that's
been building between us since we started talking.

"Ms. Chen," he says quietly, "would you be interested in continuing this
conversation over dinner? Tomorrow evening, perhaps? There are aspects of our
security philosophy that might interest your readers, but they're not suitable
for public discussion."

The invitation is professionally phrased, but the way he's looking at me makes
it clear there's more to it than journalistic interest. I should decline—getting
personally involved with tomorrow's target is a complication I don't need. But
there's something about his genuine interest, the way he listens when I speak,
that makes me want to say yes despite every professional instinct screaming
warnings.

The pause stretches a moment too long as I wrestle with competing impulses. He's
waiting for my answer, and I realize that beneath my physical confidence, I'm
terrified of navigating a real dinner conversation, of maintaining this persona
for an entire evening when I'm already feeling the strain of a few hours.

"I'd like that very much," I hear myself saying.

"Excellent." He produces a card embossed with the Cygnus logo and his personal
contact information. "I know a place in the Preservation Quarter that serves
excellent traditional kaiseki. Shall we say seven o'clock?"

"Seven o'clock," I confirm, accepting the card with fingers that are steadier
than they should be.

We return to the main reception, but something fundamental has shifted. When
Tanaka introduces me to other Cygnus executives, there's a subtle proprietorship
in how he presents me, and I find myself grateful for his presence as a social
anchor. The other conversations flow more easily with him beside me, his
confidence somehow making me feel more legitimate in this space.

But when he's pulled away by other obligations, the old anxiety creeps back. I
smile and nod at appropriate moments, make the right noises about the technology
demonstration, but part of me is constantly calculating whether I'm fitting in
or standing out for the wrong reasons. When I laugh at something another guest
says, I catch Tanaka watching from across the room with interest that's
definitely not professional, and the attention makes me simultaneously warm with
pleasure and nervous about what it means.

The preview demonstration itself is impressive—a carefully controlled display of
NeuroSync technology that allows two volunteers to share sensory experiences in
real-time. The implications are staggering, assuming they can scale the
technology beyond controlled laboratory conditions.

But I find myself more interested in watching Tanaka than in analyzing the
technology I'm supposed to steal. The way he moves through the crowd with
unconscious authority, the genuine respect he commands from his colleagues, the
passion in his voice when he discusses the ethical implications of their work.

He's someone who believes in what he's doing, someone who's trying to ensure
that powerful technology is used responsibly. In another context, under
different circumstances, he's exactly the kind of person I could see myself
with.

The irony is bitter and perfect—the first genuinely interesting man I've met in
months, and I'm planning to rob his company tomorrow night.

By the time I leave Cygnus Tower, I've gathered enough intelligence to
significantly revise tomorrow's infiltration plan. I've also committed to having
dinner with the man whose security systems I'm planning to defeat.

The car ride back to my apartment passes in contemplative silence, the driver
navigating N'Kyoto's evening traffic while I process the evening's
complications. The city lights blur past the windows, creating patterns of color
and movement that mirror the complexity of the situation I've gotten myself
into.

My comm unit chimes with a message from Marcus: "Preliminary reports excellent.
Proceed with primary operation as planned."

I stare at the message for a long moment before responding with a simple
confirmation. But as the car carries me back toward my apartment and the
familiar comfort of my private space, I find myself wondering if some
complications are worth the trouble they create.

And whether tomorrow night's operation just became significantly more dangerous
than anyone anticipated.
