---
date created: Tuesday, March 18th 2025, 1:52:40 pm
date modified: Tuesday, March 18th 2025, 9:38:49 pm
---

## CHAPTER 1 - Signal to Noise

The ambient bass from the club three floors below vibrated through my apartment
walls, keeping perfect time with my heartbeat as I slipped the neural jack into
the port at the base of my skull. The familiar cold sting of connection faded
quickly, replaced by the electric rush that always comes when my consciousness
extends beyond flesh.

I closed my eyes. Opened them into the neon architecture of the Net.

My cyberdeck—liberated from Kang Tao's R&D department during my
less-than-amicable departure—hummed quietly on the desk beside me. Military
grade. Illegal for civilian use. Not that the distinction between legal and
illegal meant much in Night City.

"Show me what you're hiding," I whispered to no one.

Before me stretched the digital construct of Meridian BioTech's security
system—a swirling fortress of crimson algorithms and pulsating data streams.
Pretty on the surface, but the beauty of corporate ICE always concealed teeth.
I'd learned that the hard way, back when I was just starting out. The scar on my
forearm tingled at the memory.

I extended my consciousness toward the outer perimeter, fingers dancing across
my deck's physical interface while my mind traced the contours of the virtual
barrier. The corporation had been hitting small ripperdoc clinics across Watson
with copyright claims, shutting down anyone providing affordable implants. My
client—a clinic owner named Vik—was next on their list. He needed leverage to
keep them off his back.

I found my first opening in the ICE, a fractional hesitation in the rotating
authentication protocols. Slipping a custom daemon into the gap, I felt the
familiar rush as my program spread, creating a spiderweb of hairline fractures
throughout the security layer.

Three breaths.

Four.

The outer wall collapsed like glass, creating a tunnel just wide enough for my
consciousness to slide through.

Inside was chaos—information streaming in all directions, financial records and
research notes and internal communications blurring together in a torrent of
data. I needed to be precise here. In and out, leaving minimal traces. Corporate
security might be watching their systems in real-time.

I almost missed it—a subfolder buried beneath layers of ordinary communications,
access restricted even within this secure environment. The digital equivalent of
a locked drawer inside a locked office inside a locked building.

"Found you," I murmured.

As I worked on cracking the encrypted folder, movement caught my attention—the
amber glow of an approaching security program, methodically scanning for
intrusions. I froze my breach, allowing my presence to blend with the system's
normal data flow.

The security program paused, its detection algorithms hovering just meters from
my position in the virtual space. I regulated my breathing in the physical
world, knowing that elevated heart rates sometimes generated spikes in neural
activity that sensitive systems could detect.

One moment stretched into eternity as I remained perfectly still in the
datastream.

The security program resumed its predetermined path, moving away.

I exhaled slowly and returned to the encrypted folder. Three more neural-seconds
and I was in, copying the contents directly to my cyberdeck's secure storage.
Medical patents. Clinical trial data. Evidence of bribery. Everything Vik would
need to keep Meridian's lawyers at bay.

As I prepared to exit, an alert flashed across my virtual vision—a system-wide
security scan, originating from somewhere deep within the corporate network. Not
a scheduled protocol. Someone had manually triggered it.

I had seconds at most.

Abandoning finesse, I severed my connection to the folder and launched my
emergency exit protocol—a brute force method that would leave obvious traces but
would get me out before the ICE could lock onto my signature. The virtual world
around me began to dissolve as my consciousness retreated along my entry path.

The final firewall was closing fast, a curtain of code descending to seal the
breach. I accelerated, pushing my neural processor to its limits, feeling the
familiar pressure build behind my eyes as I forced my consciousness back toward
my physical form faster than the recommended safe rate.

I slipped through just as the system sealed itself—a clean getaway by any
professional standard, but closer than I liked.

Reality crashed back into me like a bucket of ice water. My apartment
materialized around me as I yanked the neural jack from my port, my body
instinctively curling forward as the phantom backlash of disconnection rippled
through my nervous system.

"Fuck," I hissed, massaging the back of my neck. The collapsing ICE had grazed
me after all—nothing serious, but I'd have a migraine for the next few hours.

The wall screen above my desk lit up, displaying the data I'd extracted. Patent
applications, research records, internal memos—all proving Meridian had stolen
their "proprietary" implant designs from independent developers and smaller
competitors. Classic corporate strategy: steal innovations, patent them, then
sue the original creators for infringement.

I transferred everything to an encrypted data chip and tucked it into the inner
pocket of my jacket. Vik would be pleased. More importantly, he'd pay well, and
my rent wasn't going to cover itself.

Standing from my netrunning chair, I caught my reflection in the window. The
dermal implants along my collarbones still glowed with a faint blue
luminescence, a residual effect from the high-intensity neural activity. My dark
hair with its subtle blue highlights fell in its usual asymmetrical style,
longer in front than back. The circles under my eyes had darkened since I'd last
noticed.

I looked away. The neon signs from the buildings across the street painted my
small apartment in shades of pink and gold, casting long shadows across the
sparse furnishings. Despite having lived here for nearly a year, the place still
had a temporary feel—minimal decorations, practical furniture, nothing that
couldn't be abandoned at a moment's notice if necessary.

Old habits from my corporate days. Always be ready to run.

The only personal touch was the small butsudan—a traditional Buddhist altar—in
the corner, with a photo of my father alongside a stick of incense that had long
since burned out. A gift from my mother before she returned to Japan, leaving me
alone in Night City. I hadn't seen her since I was fifteen, right after my
father's death.

My gaze lingered on his photo. He'd been dead twelve years now, but I could
still hear his voice: "Don't ever trust a corporate promise, Scarth. The only
thing a corpo values is the bottom line."

If only I'd remembered that lesson before Kang Tao.

I checked the time—2:18 AM. The job had taken longer than expected, nearly four
hours of intensive netrunning that had started in the early evening. I was
exhausted, my neural implants throbbing from the emergency disconnect.

"Enough for tonight," I muttered to myself. The intel for Vik could wait until
tomorrow, and my system desperately needed recovery time. I headed back to my
apartment, the ambient bass from the club three floors below providing a
rhythmic backdrop to my thoughts as I rode the elevator up.

Once inside, I secured the door with practiced efficiency, then practically
collapsed onto my narrow bed. Neural fatigue was no joke—push too hard without
proper rest, and you risked permanent damage to the delicate interface between
organic and digital. I set an alarm for mid-afternoon, knowing I'd need at least
ten hours to properly recover, then surrendered to unconsciousness.

I woke to the insistent beep of my alarm, feeling like my skull had been used as
a dance floor for combat boots. Neural hangover—the price of pushing the limits
during an intensive hack. The chronometer read 3:47 PM. I'd slept nearly
fourteen hours, and my body was demanding both hydration and fuel.

After a rapid shower and a meal of synthetic protein that tasted vaguely of what
chicken was supposed to taste like, I felt almost human again. I stood before my
limited wardrobe, considering the evening ahead. If I was going to gather intel,
appearance mattered. I selected a deep blue jacket with subtle armor weave that
complemented my athletic frame without screaming 'armed and dangerous.'
Form-fitting enough to draw the right kind of distracted attention if needed,
practical enough for quick movement if things went south.

The scar on my forearm caught the light as I dressed—a reminder from my early
netrunning days that even virtual mistakes had physical consequences. I brushed
my hair into its usual asymmetrical style, the longer front sections framing my
face while the shorter back kept things practical. A touch of liner around my
dark eyes—not for vanity, but because underestimation was a tactical advantage
I'd learned to cultivate.

The data chip with Meridian's secrets was still secure in my jacket pocket,
waiting for delivery to Vik. But before heading to his clinic, I needed to check
in with my limited network, see if there had been any corporate chatter about
last night's infiltration.

Outside, Watson District greeted me with its usual sensory assault. The street
food vendors with their sizzling synthetic meat sending up clouds of spiced
steam. The garish holographic advertisements that cast everyone's skin in sickly
blues and pinks. The press of bodies—some flesh, some chrome, most somewhere in
between.

The early evening crowd was hitting its stride—day shifters stopping for a drink
before heading home, night workers emerging for their shifts, dealers and fixers
conducting business in plain sight but just out of NCPD surveillance range. I
cut through the crowd with practiced efficiency, keeping my gaze forward and my
hand near the concealed Kongou pistol in my jacket. Watson wasn't the most
dangerous district in Night City, but that wasn't saying much. The place was
still a predator's paradise after dark.

A group of Tyger Claws lounged at the corner, their cyber enhancements glowing
beneath their skin in intricate patterns. They tracked me with their eyes as I
passed, a couple of them exchanging glances and murmuring something I couldn't
quite catch. Their stares weren't subtle—checking me out from head to toe with
that familiar mix of appreciation and assessment. I was used to it—the jacket
hugged my figure in ways that tended to distract people—but I remained alert. In
Night City, that kind of attention could turn dangerous in seconds.

I met the gaze of the lead Claw briefly, then continued on my way. They made no
move to approach. Even gangs had their own calculations of risk versus reward,
and something in my bearing must have suggested I wasn't easy prey. That, at
least, was an advantage of my Kang Tao training, even if the corporation had
done its best to smear my name after my departure.

Three blocks east, I reached my destination: The Fractured Glass. From the
outside, it looked like every other dive bar in the district—a dingy facade with
a flickering neon sign and windows tinted so dark they were essentially solid.
But inside was one of the few places in Night City where I allowed myself to
relax—marginally.

The bouncer, a mountain of synthetic muscle with a face that had seen too many
augmented fists, gave me a nod as I approached. He'd stopped asking for ID after
my third visit.

"Quiet night, Hammer?" I asked as he stepped aside to let me pass.

"Quiet enough." His voice was artificially deep, modified to match his imposing
frame. "Zoe's been asking about you."

I nodded, unsurprised. Zoe Valentine, the bar's owner and head bartender, made
it her business to know everyone's business. In another life, she'd have made an
excellent information broker. In this one, she was the closest thing I had to a
friend.

The interior of The Fractured Glass lived up to its name—the walls and ceiling
were covered in broken mirror fragments, each reflecting the dim lighting from
different angles, creating a disorienting kaleidoscope effect. The music was
loud enough to ensure privacy in conversation but not so deafening that you had
to shout. Perfect for people who had things to discuss that weren't meant for
other ears.

I made my way to the bar, sliding onto an empty stool at the far end. Zoe
spotted me immediately, her chrome hand already reaching for the Japanese
whiskey she kept below the counter.

"Look what the cat dragged in," she said, placing a glass in front of me and
pouring a generous measure of the amber liquid. "Rough night?" Her eyes,
enhanced with optical implants that allowed her to see into ultraviolet and
infrared spectrums, assessed me with clinical precision.

"Getting rougher by the minute," I replied, raising the glass in a small toast
before taking a sip. The whiskey burned pleasantly, warming me from the inside
out. "Just the usual corporate bullshit."

Zoe leaned against the bar, her dark skin contrasting with her platinum blonde
hair. A sleeve of circuitry tattoos ran down her left arm, pulsing slightly with
her heartbeat. "Heard Meridian's been causing trouble for the local docs."

I said nothing, but took another sip of whiskey. Zoe smirked, taking my silence
as confirmation.

"Also heard someone sliced into their systems earlier tonight. Left quite a
mess." She polished a glass with casual precision, her chrome fingers making
soft clinking sounds against the material. "Security's on high alert. Might want
to lay low for a bit."

This caught my attention. "How high?"

Zoe's expression turned serious. "High enough that I'd be careful dealing with
anyone connected to them for a while. They've contracted external security
consultants."

"Meaning mercs." I finished my whiskey in one gulp, welcoming the burn. "Any
names?"

"Nothing concrete. But the word is they brought in specialists from outside
Night City. The kind that don't care about collateral damage."

Perfect. Just what I needed—out-of-town professionals with no local reputation
to protect. The kind who wouldn't hesitate to flatline a netrunner if the price
was right.

"Thanks for the heads up." I pushed my empty glass toward her.

Zoe refilled it without asking. "On the house. Consider it an investment in your
continued existence." She glanced over my shoulder. "Speaking of investments,
your admirer's back."

I didn't need to turn around to know who she meant. The intensity of the gaze on
my back was familiar enough.

"Still at his usual table?" I asked.

"Third booth from the back. Been nursing the same synthetic beer for two hours."

I allowed myself a small smile and finally turned, glass in hand, to survey the
rest of the bar. The mirrored walls made it easier to observe without being
obvious. The place was about half-full—typical for a weeknight. Various Night
City regulars occupied the tables and booths: fixers discussing potential
contracts, mercenaries between jobs, corporate mid-levels slumming it on their
night off.

And then there was him. Booth three from the back, partially obscured by the
angle but unmistakable—Raven.

At least, that's what he called himself. Real names were a luxury few could
afford in our line of work. Tall, with dark skin and features that hinted at
Caribbean ancestry, he had the lean build of someone who relied more on speed
than strength. His right arm was a sleek prosthetic from the elbow down,
top-of-the-line military tech that most civilians couldn't access legally. The
kind of hardware that told you someone had serious backing or a past they didn't
discuss.

I'd first encountered him three weeks ago during a job at the docks—he was
security for the client, I was there to extract data from a rival shipping
company. We'd ended up working together when things went sideways. He'd been
watching me ever since, showing up at The Fractured Glass like clockwork, always
keeping his distance but making no effort to hide his interest.

Under normal circumstances, I might have been intrigued. He was undeniably
attractive, skilled in his work, and carried himself with the quiet confidence
of someone who knew exactly what they were capable of. But I'd learned the hard
way that mixing business and pleasure in Night City was a shortcut to an early
grave.

I glanced in his direction and caught him quickly shifting his gaze upward. He'd
been looking at me alright, but definitely not at my face. A brief flash of
embarrassment crossed his features before he composed himself. I found myself
raising my glass slightly in his direction before turning back to the bar, a
small smirk playing at the corner of my mouth. A small acknowledgment, nothing
more. But there was something almost refreshing about his unfiltered reaction
compared to the calculated assessment most corporate types subjected me to.

"You know," Zoe said, leaning in with a conspiratorial whisper, "normal people
actually talk to their potential love interests instead of this whole
silent-movie routine you two have going."

I shot her a look. "When have you ever known me to do things the normal way?"

"Fair point." She straightened up as another patron approached the bar, but not
before adding, "Just saying, might be nice to have someone watching your back
these days. With Meridian and all."

I rolled my eyes but couldn't entirely dismiss her logic. In the freelance
world, reliable partners were worth their weight in platinum. And despite my
best efforts, I hadn't been able to dig up any dirt on Raven—no corporate ties,
no known allegiances to the major players in Night City. A clean slate was rare
enough to be suspicious in itself, but also potentially valuable.

I finished my second whiskey, feeling the pleasant warmth spread through my
system, dulling the neural backlash headache from earlier. The clock behind the
bar read 3:05 AM. I needed to get the data to Vik before sunrise. The ripperdoc
kept odd hours, but even he had to sleep eventually.

As I stood to leave, I felt my personal link vibrate with an incoming message.
Bringing up my AR interface with a practiced thought, I saw the message flash in
my field of vision:

FROM: UNKNOWN

SUBJECT: KANG TAO

MESSAGE: I know what really happened. Meet me. Hyatt Plaza. 4 AM. Come alone.

My heart rate spiked, sending a jolt of pain through my still-recovering neural
pathways. Kang Tao. The corporation that had recruited me, trained me, and then
systematically destroyed my reputation when they needed a scapegoat for their
security breach. The reason I now worked freelance jobs instead of enjoying the
comfortable corporate life I'd built.

It had to be a trap. Only an idiot would respond to an anonymous message like
that.

But if it wasn't—if someone actually had information about what had happened
during those final days at Kang Tao—it might be worth the risk. The truth about
why I'd been targeted. Evidence that could clear my name, or at least give me
leverage against the executives who'd ruined me.

I closed the message and transferred payment for the drinks to Zoe's account,
adding the generous tip she'd earned with her information about Meridian.

"Heading out?" she asked, picking up my empty glass.

"Got a delivery to make," I replied, keeping my tone casual. No need to mention
the mysterious message. If things went south, better that no one knew where I
was going or why.

Zoe's enhanced eyes narrowed slightly. She'd been a bartender long enough to
read people with uncanny accuracy. "Be careful out there. Night's still young,
and the predators are hungry."

I nodded and turned to leave. As I weaved through the tables toward the exit, I
felt Raven's eyes on me again. Against my better judgment, I glanced in his
direction.

He was watching me with the same intensity as always, but something had changed.
A tension in his posture, a subtle alertness that hadn't been there before. As
our eyes met, he gave me the slightest nod—not a greeting, but a warning.

My instincts went on high alert. Raven had connections I didn't. If he was
concerned, I needed to be doubly so.

Outside, the night air hit me like a wall of sensory input after the controlled
atmosphere of the bar. The streets had grown marginally quieter, but Night City
never truly slept. I checked the time again—3:18 AM. Enough time to make the
delivery to Vik before heading to the mysterious meeting.

Assuming I decided to go at all.

I cut through a narrow alley that would shave a few minutes off my route to
Vik's clinic, keeping close to the shadows out of habit. The neural jack at the
base of my skull still throbbed dully, a reminder of my earlier close call with
Meridian's ICE.

Halfway down the alley, I noticed the silence. The constant background noise of
the city—distant traffic, music, voices—had faded to an unnatural quiet. The
fine hairs on my arms rose as my subdermal implants registered a subtle
electrical disturbance in the air. Active cloaking technology.

I didn't break stride, but my right hand slipped inside my jacket, fingers
wrapping around the grip of my Kongou pistol. Three more steps and I smoothly
pivoted, drawing the weapon and aiming it at the seemingly empty air behind me.

"Impressive reflexes," came a voice as a figure shimmered into visibility. Male,
mid-thirties, wearing the distinctive gray-blue armor of Militech security
forces. "Most people never sense the cloak."

"I'm not most people." I kept my pistol trained on him, eyes scanning the alley
for additional threats. "What does Militech want with me?"

The man smiled, revealing teeth too perfect to be natural. "Just a conversation.
My employer is interested in your services."

"I don't do corporate contracts anymore. Bad for my health." I took a half-step
backward, maintaining distance. "Find another netrunner."

"This isn't the kind of offer you refuse, Ms. Johnson." He spoke my name with
deliberate emphasis. "Especially given your current… precarious position."

My finger tensed on the trigger. "Elaborate."

"Meridian BioTech. You left quite a trail in their systems tonight. Sloppy
work."

I kept my expression neutral despite the spike of adrenaline his words
triggered. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"Please." He gestured dismissively. "The days when corporations operated in
isolation are long gone. Meridian's security breach triggered alerts across
shared networks. Including ours."

Which meant Militech had been monitoring Meridian's systems. Interesting, but
not immediately relevant to my survival.

"Still doesn't explain why you're in my way," I said.

"I'm here to offer you protection." The man spread his hands in a gesture of
openness that didn't match the calculating look in his eyes. "Meridian has
already dispatched hunters. They'll have your identity within hours. But
Militech can make that problem disappear… for a price."

"Let me guess. The price is my exclusive services?"

"For a defined period, yes. Three months. Standard corporate contract, full
benefits, no questions asked about your departure from Kang Tao." His smile
widened. "A fresh start, Ms. Johnson. Isn't that what you want?"

What I wanted was to put a bullet between his eyes, but that would only bring
more corporate attention down on me. I needed time to think, to verify his
claims about Meridian.

"I'll need details," I said, lowering my weapon slightly but keeping it ready.
"Contract terms. Specifics about what you want me to do."

"Of course." He reached slowly into his pocket and removed a data chip, holding
it out to me. "Everything's here. Review it at your leisure. You have until noon
tomorrow to decide."

I made no move to take the chip. "And if I refuse?"

His expression remained pleasant, but his eyes hardened. "Then we'll be forced
to share our information about your activities with Meridian. I understand their
response to intellectual property theft is… severe."

A classic corporate strong-arm tactic. Offer protection with one hand while
threatening harm with the other.

"Leave the chip," I said. "I'll think about it."

He placed the data chip on a nearby ledge and stepped back. "Wise decision.
We'll await your response." With that, he activated his cloaking technology
again, his form shimmering before vanishing completely.

I waited thirty seconds, listening intently, before approaching the chip. Using
a scanner built into my optical implants, I checked it for tracking software or
malicious code. It came up clean, but that didn't mean much with military-grade
tech. Still, I pocketed it. Information was currency in Night City, even if it
came with strings attached.

The encounter had left me shaken, though I'd never have admitted it aloud. If
Militech knew about my breach of Meridian's systems, others might too. And the
anonymous message about Kang Tao now seemed even more suspicious. Too many
coincidences for comfort.

I resumed my journey to Vik's clinic, this time keeping to main streets despite
the increased visibility. Better to be seen than cornered in another alley.

Vik's place was located on the border between Watson and Kabuki, occupying the
basement of what had once been a mid-range apartment building before half of it
collapsed during the last major quake. The entrance was unmarked except for a
small red light above the door—on if he was accepting patients, off if he was
closed or working on someone who needed privacy.

The light was on when I arrived. I knocked three times, paused, then twice
more—our agreed upon signal.

The door opened a crack, revealing Vik's weathered face and the barrel of a
shotgun before he recognized me and lowered the weapon.

"Scarth," he grunted, swinging the door wider. "Didn't expect you so soon."

"Job went smoother than anticipated," I lied, stepping inside as he secured the
door behind me.

Vik's clinic was a stark contrast to the dilapidated exterior—spotlessly clean,
with state-of-the-art medical equipment and a surgical suite that would make
many official hospitals jealous. The walls were lined with cabinets containing
implants and prosthetics of all varieties, from basic optical enhancements to
military-grade limb replacements.

Vik himself looked like he belonged in another era—late sixties, with silver
hair pulled back in a short ponytail and a face that had seen too much suffering
to maintain any illusions about humanity. He'd been a combat medic in the last
corporate war before establishing his clinic, and his hands were still steady
despite his age.

"You look like shit," he observed as he led me past the waiting area to his
private office. "Neural stress?"

I nodded. "ICE backlash. Nothing serious."

"I'll be the judge of that." He gestured to a diagnostic chair in the corner of
his office. "Sit. I'll check your implants while you tell me what you found."

There was no point arguing with Vik once he entered doctor mode. I sat in the
chair and allowed him to connect a diagnostic cable to my neural port, wincing
slightly at the renewed pressure.

"Definitely some inflammation," he muttered, reading the data on his monitor.
"You're pushing that processor too hard. Military-grade or not, there are
limits."

"Noted," I said, reaching into my jacket to retrieve the data chip containing
Meridian's secrets. "This should help with your corporate problem. Patent
applications proving they stole their designs, plus evidence of bribery and
witness intimidation."

Vik took the chip, his expression softening slightly. "You're a lifesaver, kid.
Literally. I've got three patients who would've flatlined without those
'unauthorized' implants."

"Just doing my job," I replied, uncomfortable with gratitude as always. "But you
should be careful for a while. They might be watching more closely now."

His eyes narrowed. "Something happen?"

I hesitated, weighing how much to share. Vik was one of the few people in Night
City I genuinely trusted, but I didn't want to drag him into my problems with
Militech.

"Just a feeling," I said finally. "Corporate security seems twitchy lately."

Vik snorted as he disconnected the diagnostic cable from my port. "When isn't
it?" He moved to his desk and opened a drawer, extracting a credchip and handing
it to me. "Your payment, as agreed. Plus a little extra for the quick
turnaround."

I checked the amount—5,000 eurodollars, 20% more than our agreed fee. Enough to
cover my rent and expenses for a month, with some left over. "Thanks, Vik."

"Thank me by taking better care of yourself." He reached into another drawer and
produced a small bottle of pills. "Neural stabilizers. Take one before your next
deep dive, and one after. Should reduce the backlash."

I accepted the medication with a nod, tucking it into an inner pocket.

"Any other jobs lined up?" Vik asked casually as he powered down his equipment.

"Nothing concrete." I checked the time—3:47 AM. If I was going to make the
mysterious meeting at Hyatt Plaza, I needed to leave soon. "Keeping my options
open."

"Smart," Vik agreed. "Word is Biotechnica's looking for freelance security
consultants. Legitimate work, good pay. Might be worth checking out."

Another corporation. The last place I wanted to be. But beggars couldn't be
choosers in Night City, and my savings wouldn't last forever.

"I'll look into it," I said, standing to leave. "Thanks for the tip. And the
meds."

Vik walked me to the door, checking the street through a small camera feed
before opening it. "Watch yourself out there, Scarth. Something in the air
doesn't feel right lately."

"It's Night City. When does it ever?"

He chuckled darkly at that. "Fair point. See you around, kid."

Back on the street, I faced a decision. Head home and forget about the
mysterious message, or go to Hyatt Plaza and potentially walk into a trap. The
smart choice was obvious.

But I hadn't survived this long by always making the smart choice.

Hyatt Plaza was a fifteen-minute walk northeast—an open-air market during
daylight hours that transformed into a haven for illegal transactions after
dark. Public enough to discourage outright violence, secluded enough for
privacy. A decent choice for a meeting spot, which suggested whoever had
contacted me knew the area well.

I took a circuitous route, doubling back twice to ensure I wasn't being
followed. The streets were gradually emptying as night transitioned to early
morning—even in Night City, there was a brief lull before the early shift
workers began their commutes.

The plaza appeared deserted when I arrived, the market stalls closed and
shuttered. Puddles from an earlier rain shower reflected the neon signs from
surrounding buildings, creating mirror images that doubled the already
overwhelming visual noise. Perfect cover for surveillance or an ambush.

I checked my surroundings carefully before moving into the open space, my hand
never straying far from my concealed weapon. Several alleyways and service
entrances provided potential escape routes if things went wrong. I mapped them
mentally as I positioned myself near a central fountain—visible enough to be
found, close enough to cover to dive for safety if needed.

The minutes ticked by. 4:00 AM became 4:05, then 4:10. No one approached. No
further messages appeared on my link.

At 4:15, I was ready to write it off as a ghost lead or a failed trap when my
neural implants detected an incoming data transmission—local origin, highly
focused beam directly targeting my personal frequency. Someone within line of
sight was attempting to connect.

I allowed the connection but kept my firewalls at maximum.

A voice materialized in my mind, transmitted directly through my neural
implants, bypassing my auditory system entirely.

"Scarth Johnson. Thank you for coming." Female. Modulated to disguise its
natural patterns, but the phrasing suggested education, possibly corporate
background.

"You have information about Kang Tao," I thought back, using the same neural
channel. "I'm listening."

"Not here. You're being tracked. Militech. They've been monitoring you since you
left The Fractured Glass."

My pulse quickened. If true, that meant the encounter in the alley had been more
than a coincidence. "How do you know this?"

"Because I'm the one who authorized your termination at Kang Tao."

The statement hit like a physical blow. I instinctively reached for my weapon,
scanning the shadows around the plaza for any sign of the speaker.

"That gets your attention," the voice continued. "Good. You need to listen
carefully. The data chip Militech gave you contains more than a contract. It's
carrying a viral payload designed to map your neural pathways and implants. Once
activated, they'll have complete access to everything you see, hear, and think."

"Why should I believe you?" I demanded, still searching for the source of the
transmission.

"Because I'm offering you something better than a corporate contract. The truth.
And revenge, if you want it."

"Show yourself."

"I can't. Not yet. But I can prove my legitimacy." A data packet accompanied the
next transmission—security footage from Kang Tao headquarters, dated the day of
my expulsion. I allowed a fractional portion through my firewall, enough to
verify it was genuine without risking infection.

The footage showed a corporate boardroom I recognized all too well. Around the
table sat the Kang Tao executive team, including Marcus Chen, my former
supervisor. At the head of the table was a woman whose face had been digitally
obscured—presumably the person contacting me now.

"We need a scapegoat for the Mikoshi breach," the obscured figure was saying.
"Someone high enough in security to be plausible but not so connected they can't
be discarded."

"Johnson fits the profile," Marcus replied, pulling up my personnel file on the
room's main display. "Exceptional skill set, but no family connections to the
corporation. Expendable."

I closed the connection before I could see more, anger burning cold and precise
in my chest. "What do you want from me?"

"Your skills," the voice replied. "I'm no longer with Kang Tao. I have my own
operation now, and I need someone with your particular talents. In exchange, I
can give you everything you need to clear your name and ruin those who betrayed
you."

"Including yourself?" I couldn't keep the bitterness from my mental voice.

"I made a business decision. Now I'm making another one. The difference is, this
time, you benefit."

I weighed my options. The mysterious contact was almost certainly manipulating
me, but the footage appeared genuine. And unlike Militech's heavy-handed
approach, she was at least being transparent about her motives.

"I need more than vague promises," I thought back. "Details. Proof."

"Fair enough. Check the public locker at Night City Central Station.
Number 1372. The code is your employee ID from Kang Tao. You'll find everything
you need there. You have 24 hours before the contents are automatically
incinerated."

With that, the connection terminated, leaving me alone in the increasingly
pre-dawn light of the plaza.

My thoughts raced as I processed the encounter. If true, the information in that
locker could change everything. If false, it was an elaborate trap—but to what
end? I was hardly important enough to warrant such effort.

And then there was the warning about Militech. I extracted their data chip from
my pocket, studying it with new suspicion. There was no way to verify the claim
about a viral payload without connecting it to a system—preferably not my own
neural processor.

I needed a specialist. Someone who could analyze the chip safely.

My first instinct was to take it to Vik, but I hesitated. If Militech truly was
tracking me, returning to the clinic would only endanger him. No, I needed
someone with specific expertise in corporate malware.

Only one name came to mind, and it wasn't one I was eager to contact: Dex. My
ex. Netrunner extraordinaire and the reason I'd developed trust issues in the
first place. Our relationship had ended badly when I discovered he was using our
connection to spy on Kang Tao, but there was no denying his technical skills.

I checked the time again—4:30 AM. Dex would be awake; he rarely slept before
noon. The question was whether he'd agree to help me after how things had ended
between us.

Only one way to find out.

I left Hyatt Plaza via a service alley, continuing to take a circuitous route
back toward my apartment building. If Militech was tracking me, I saw no obvious
signs of surveillance, but that meant little with their resources.

Once I was relatively certain I wasn't being actively followed, I activated my
link and sent a message to the contact I still had for Dex:

TO: BLUEHAND

MESSAGE: Need technical analysis. Corporate hardware. Potential malware. Your
specialty. Paid work.

I deliberately kept it professional, giving no indication of our past
relationship. Dex's ego would respond better to being treated as a valued
specialist rather than an ex being asked for a favor.

The reply came less than a minute later:

FROM: BLUEHAND

MESSAGE: Location?

No greeting. No questions. Typical Dex efficiency. I hesitated before
responding. Meeting at my apartment was out of the question, as was his place.
We needed neutral ground with enough tech for him to work safely.

TO: BLUEHAND

MESSAGE: Afterlife. Back room. 5 AM.

The Afterlife was Night City's premier mercenary bar, a legendary spot where
fixers connected with the best talent in the business. The owner, Rogue, was
practically Night City royalty—a fixer who'd been in the game longer than most
of the patrons had been alive. She kept several private rooms available for
clients who needed discretion, and she owed me a favor after I'd helped clear
some unwanted malware from her systems a few months back.

FROM: BLUEHAND

MESSAGE: Fine. 5 AM. Come alone.

I snorted at the last instruction. As if I'd bring company to meet my ex for a
clandestine tech analysis in the pre-dawn hours. Sometimes Dex's flair for the
dramatic overrode his common sense.

The walk to The Afterlife took me through the heart of Watson District, past
shuttered storefronts with security gates pulled down tight and nightclubs still
pulsing with the determined energy of those unwilling to acknowledge that a new
day was approaching. The streets were dotted with the occasional NCPD patrol
car, officers looking bored as they cruised past night-shift workers and
late-night revelers stumbling home.

I kept to the main thoroughfares, knowing that city cameras would already have
picked up my movements. If Militech was tracking me, hiding wasn't an
option—better to move quickly and purposefully toward a public destination.

The Afterlife's entrance was marked by a simple neon sign above a set of stairs
leading down to a reinforced door. Two imposing bouncers flanked the entrance,
their cybernetic enhancements visible beneath their skin. They gave me
appraising looks as I approached but made no move to stop me—another benefit of
my lingering professional reputation.

Inside, the bar was operating at half-capacity, the usual crowd thinned by the
hour but still vibrant enough to provide cover. The lighting was deliberately
low, red accent lights providing just enough illumination to navigate without
banishing the shadows that patrons preferred for their conversations. The walls
were lined with memorials to legendary mercenaries who'd made their names—and
often met their ends—on the streets of Night City.

I spotted Rogue immediately, holding court at her usual table in the back. In
her mid-sixties now, she still carried herself with the predatory grace that had
made her reputation decades earlier. Her silver hair was styled in an elaborate
undercut, and the chrome implants at her temples caught the light as she nodded
in my direction, acknowledging my presence without interrupting her conversation
with the well-dressed clients at her table.

I made my way to the bar, ordering a synthcoffee to clear my head. The
bartender, Claire, pushed the steaming cup toward me with a knowing smile.

"Rough night?" she asked, her eyes flicking to the chronometer behind the bar.
"Or early morning, I guess."

"Bit of both," I admitted, taking a grateful sip of the bitter liquid. "Rogue
still renting the back rooms?"

"For the right price," Claire confirmed. "Though she might cut you a deal. Said
your last work for her was 'surprisingly competent.'"

Coming from Rogue, that was practically effusive praise. "Tell her I need the
small room for an hour. Private business."

Claire nodded and stepped away to relay the message via her neural link. A
moment later, she returned. "All yours. Room 3, down the hall past the
restrooms. She says this makes you even."

I thanked her and made my way through the bar, feeling the weight of several
gazes tracking my movement. The Afterlife attracted power players and those who
aspired to become them—everyone was always watching, calculating, measuring
potential threats and opportunities. It was exhausting but preferable to the
outright violence of less prestigious establishments.

Room 3 was a small, soundproofed space with a single table, four chairs, and
enough scanning and signal-jamming equipment built into the walls to ensure
whatever happened inside stayed private. I positioned myself facing the door and
waited, the Militech data chip a heavy presence in my pocket.

At precisely 5 AM, the door opened to reveal Dex. He'd changed little in the
year since I'd last seen him—still rail-thin, with a shock of electric blue hair
and more visible tech than most netrunners preferred to display. His right eye
had been replaced with a custom optical implant that glowed faintly in the dim
room, and the circuitry tattoos running down his arms pulsed with the rhythm of
his heartbeat.

"Scarth," he said, his voice carefully neutral as he closed the door behind him.
"Been a while."

"Not long enough," I replied automatically, then regretted the pettiness.
"Thanks for coming."

He shrugged, moving to take the seat across from me. "You mentioned corporate
hardware. Potential malware. Sounded interesting." His eyes—one natural brown,
one glowing blue—studied me with professional interest. "You look good."

"Save it," I said, extracting the Militech chip from my pocket and placing it on
the table between us. "I need to know what's on this. Specifically, if it
contains any kind of viral payload that could map neural pathways."

Dex raised an eyebrow, his interest visibly piqued. "Military-grade stuff.
Where'd you get it?"

"Does it matter?"

"It might," he countered. "Context helps with analysis. Especially with custom
corporate tech."

I hesitated, then gave him a heavily edited version of the truth. "Militech
approached me with a job offer. The terms seemed suspicious. I want to know if
they're trying to hack me before I plug their hardware into my system."

Dex's eyes narrowed slightly. "Militech recruitment doesn't usually involve
neural mapping malware."

"Hence my concern."

He nodded slowly, then reached into his jacket and removed a portable analysis
kit—a thin case that unfolded to reveal specialized hardware designed
specifically for safely examining potentially dangerous tech. The kind of
equipment that cost more than most people in Night City made in a year.

"This will take a few minutes," he said, picking up the chip with a pair of
insulated tweezers and connecting it to his analyzer. "Don't suppose you'd tell
me why Militech is so interested in you?"

"Don't suppose you'd tell me why you were spying on Kang Tao when we were
together?" I shot back.

A thin smile crossed his face. "Fair enough."

We lapsed into silence as he worked, the quiet hum of his equipment the only
sound in the room. I watched his face as he concentrated, trying to read his
reactions to whatever he was discovering. Dex had always been good at hiding his
thoughts—one of the many traits that had initially attracted me to him, before
it became a liability.

After several minutes, he disconnected the chip and folded his equipment away.

"Well?" I prompted.

"You've got good instincts," he said, pushing the chip back toward me but not
touching it directly. "There's definitely something embedded in the contract
data—a neural mapper disguised as a standard corporate authentication protocol.
Military grade. Once activated, it would create a comprehensive map of your
neural architecture and transmit it to an external server."

"Could they access my systems remotely?"

"With this? No. But they'd have everything they'd need to build targeted malware
specifically designed to bypass your personal security. They could essentially
create a back door into your brain." He leaned back in his chair, studying me
with renewed interest. "You've got some dangerous people interested in you,
Scarth."

"Tell me something I don't know."

"Whoever created this is top-tier. Not standard Militech security." He tapped
the table thoughtfully. "This has Blackwall research division written all over
it."

I felt a chill at his words. Blackwall was Militech's most secretive research
unit, dedicated to developing technologies to combat rogue AIs beyond the
Blackwall—the digital barrier separating controlled networks from the dangerous
wilds of the old internet. Their work was classified at the highest levels.

"Why would Blackwall care about a freelance netrunner?" I asked, more to myself
than to Dex.

He shrugged. "Maybe they don't. Maybe someone in Militech is just borrowing
their tech." He hesitated, then added, "Or maybe your run-in with Kang Tao was
more significant than you realized."

My eyes snapped to his. "What do you know about that?"

"Only rumors," he said carefully. "That the security breach you were blamed for
involved something major. Something both corporations would kill to control."

I remembered the mysterious woman's words: "We need a scapegoat for the Mikoshi
breach." I'd never heard of Mikoshi during my time at Kang Tao, but clearly it
had been important enough to destroy my career over.

"You said you were spying for NetWatch," I said, referring to the international
agency tasked with policing the Net. "Was that true?"

Dex's expression remained carefully neutral. "Does it matter now?"

"It might."

He seemed to weigh his options before responding. "Yes and no. NetWatch
contracted me, but they weren't the only ones interested in what Kang Tao was
developing."

"Who else?"

"Above my pay grade," he said with a half-smile that didn't reach his eyes. "All
I know is that after you were… removed, several interested parties suddenly went
quiet. Whatever they were looking for either disappeared or changed hands."

More questions than answers, as usual in Night City. But one thing was clear—the
mysterious woman's claims about my firing were at least partially corroborated
by Dex's information.

"What will you do with the chip?" Dex asked, nodding toward the Militech
hardware still sitting between us.

"Destroy it." I slipped it back into my pocket. "After I use it to send a
message."

Dex leaned forward, his cybernetic eye whirring slightly as it adjusted focus.
"Be careful, Scarth. If Militech wants you this badly, rejection won't go over
well."

"I can handle myself." I stood, signaling the end of our meeting. "What do I owe
you for the analysis?"

He rose as well, shaking his head. "Consider it a professional courtesy. Or an
apology for past transgressions. Whichever makes you happier."

I studied him for a moment, searching for any sign of an ulterior motive, but
found only what appeared to be genuine regret. Still, in Night City, appearances
were rarely trustworthy.

"I'll owe you one," I said finally. A debt was cleaner than accepting a favor,
especially from someone with Dex's connections.

"I'll collect someday," he agreed with a slight nod. He moved toward the door,
then paused. "Whoever's after you—they won't stop with one attempt. If you need
backup…" He let the offer hang in the air between us.

"I'll keep it in mind," I replied noncommittally.

After he left, I remained in the room for several minutes, processing everything
I'd learned. The Militech chip was confirmed to be dangerous. The mysterious
woman's claims about my firing from Kang Tao had some corroboration. And
whatever "Mikoshi" was, it was significant enough to involve multiple powerful
players.

Most importantly, Night City Central Station's locker 1372 potentially held
answers—or another elaborate trap.

I checked the time—5:40 AM. The station would be starting its morning rush soon,
crowds of commuters providing both cover and witnesses. If I was going to check
the locker, now was the ideal time.

I left The Afterlife through a side exit, emerging into the gradually lightening
pre-dawn. The air had the momentary freshness it sometimes achieved before the
day's pollution accumulated, and I took a deep breath, trying to clear my head.

My plan was simple: head to the station, check the locker, then return to my
apartment to evaluate whatever I found there. If Militech was tracking me,
they'd have a harder time making a move in the crowded public space of the
transit hub.

I was halfway to the nearest subway entrance when my neural link vibrated with
an incoming call—not a text or data transmission, but an actual voice
connection. The caller ID showed as blocked.

Against my better judgment, I accepted.

"Ms. Johnson." The voice was male, smooth, with the distinctive accent of Night
City's corporate elite. "I believe we have a mutual acquaintance."

"You'll have to be more specific," I replied, continuing to walk as I spoke,
eyes scanning my surroundings for any sign of surveillance or threat.

"A former Kang Tao executive. Female. Approximately 5'8". Currently reaching out
to skilled netrunners with corporate backgrounds." A pause. "She contacted you
earlier this morning at Hyatt Plaza."

I kept my voice even. "Who is this?"

"Someone with a vested interest in your well-being. The woman who contacted you
is named Diana Weiss. Former head of special projects at Kang Tao, now running a
rogue operation stealing corporate secrets. She's extremely dangerous and
utterly without loyalty."

"Sounds like every corporate executive I've ever met," I said, trying to buy
time to process this new information. "Why should I care?"

"Because she was directly responsible for the deaths of sixteen netrunners
before you. All recruited with the same promise—revenge against those who
wronged them. All used for a single job, then disposed of when they became
liabilities."

I approached the subway entrance, descending the stairs as I considered his
words. "And you're sharing this out of the goodness of your heart?"

A dry chuckle. "Hardly. I represent interests that would prefer Ms. Weiss's
operation be… discontinued. We believe you have the skills necessary to help us
achieve that goal."

"Let me guess—if I help you, you'll clear my name with Kang Tao?"

"Better," the voice replied. "We'll provide you with a new identity. Complete
corporate credentials. A fresh start anywhere in the world, outside Night City's
reach."

A tempting offer—too tempting to be trusted. "And if I decline?"

"Then you're on your own against both Weiss and Militech. The former will use
you and discard you; the latter has already dispatched a recovery team to your
apartment building. They're particularly interested in your military-grade
cyberdeck."

My blood ran cold. If Militech had traced me to my apartment, they would have
access to everything—my equipment, my data, even Pixel.

"I need to think about it," I said, trying to keep the urgency from my voice.

"Of course. You have until midnight. I'll contact you again." The connection
terminated before I could respond.

I immediately shifted direction, abandoning my plan to check the locker at the
station. If Militech was at my apartment, I needed to verify—and potentially
extract anything valuable before they seized it all.

I exited the subway station and hailed the first passing taxi, overriding its
automated routing to take a circuitous path back toward my building in Watson.
As we traveled, I used my neural link to access the building's security cameras,
cursing the outdated system that offered only basic functionality.

The lobby camera showed nothing unusual, but that meant little. A professional
team would avoid obvious entry points. I switched to the camera covering the
rear service entrance and felt my suspicions confirmed—the door was slightly
ajar, the electronic lock disabled. Someone had entered within the last hour.

I redirected the taxi two blocks from my building, paying in cash to avoid
leaving an electronic trail. From there, I proceeded on foot, approaching from
the opposite direction of the compromised service entrance.

The street was quiet, with only a few early workers beginning their commutes.
Nothing appeared overtly suspicious, but the hair on the back of my neck stood
up as I neared my building—the distinctive prickle that had saved my life more
than once.

Rather than entering through the lobby, I circled to an adjacent building and
ascended its fire escape, a route I'd mentally mapped when I first moved in.
From the roof, a narrow gap separated it from my own building—a jump I'd
practiced more than once, always under the cover of darkness.

In the growing morning light, it felt exposed, but I had no choice. I backed up
for a running start, then sprinted forward and leaped across the gap, landing in
a controlled roll on the roof of my building. From there, a maintenance access
led to the interior stairwell, bypassing the main corridors.

I descended silently to the sixth floor, drawing my Kongou pistol before
carefully opening the stairwell door. The hallway appeared empty, but the subtle
displacement of air suggested recent movement. Moving on the balls of my feet to
minimize noise, I approached my apartment, pressing my ear against the door.

Nothing. Either they were being exceptionally quiet, or they had already come
and gone.

I had three different security systems on my door—a standard electronic lock for
appearance, a biometric scanner hidden in the door frame, and a mechanical
deadbolt that could only be opened with a physical key. The electronic lock's
indicator showed green—unlocked. Not how I'd left it.

Drawing a deep breath, I pressed my thumb against the concealed biometric
reader, hearing the subtle click as it recognized me. Then, with my gun raised,
I pushed the door open.

The apartment was in disarray—drawers pulled out, furniture moved, storage
compartments opened. A professional search, methodical rather than destructive,
but thorough. My eyes immediately went to the hidden panel in the wall where I
kept my cyberdeck.

Open. Empty.

"Shit," I hissed, quickly scanning the rest of the apartment. My backup drives
were gone. My weapon stash had been cleaned out. Even the hidden cache of
emergency funds I'd kept behind a loose ventilation panel had been discovered
and taken.

The only thing they'd left untouched was my father's memorial. The butsudan
stood as I'd left it, his picture undisturbed. Small mercies.

Movement caught my eye—a small shape darting from beneath the bed. Pixel, her
green eyes wide with alarm, fur slightly bristled. I knelt, allowing her to
approach and sniff my hand before picking her up, checking her implanted health
monitor. Normal readings. At least they hadn't harmed her.

"We need to go," I told her softly, placing her in the specialized carrier I
kept for emergencies. She went willingly, sensing my urgency.

I did a final sweep of the apartment, looking for anything useful that might
have been overlooked. In the bathroom, I pried loose a tile behind the shower—my
final emergency cache, containing a credchip with 2,000 eurodollars, a burner
neural link, and a small but lethal ceramic blade that wouldn't trigger metal
detectors.

Not much, but better than nothing.

As I prepared to leave, a flashing light on my wall terminal caught my
attention. Someone had left a message—date-stamped twenty minutes earlier.

Against my better judgment, I activated it.

The screen flickered to life, displaying the Militech logo before transitioning
to a live feed. The same man who had approached me in the alley smiled thinly.

"Ms. Johnson, I'm disappointed by your lack of response to our generous offer.
As you've no doubt discovered, we've been forced to secure certain illegal
military hardware from your residence. Consider yourself fortunate that we're
only interested in the technology, not the technician—at least for now."

He adjusted his immaculate suit jacket before continuing. "Our offer remains
open until noon, though the terms have necessarily been adjusted given your…
resistance. I suggest you reconsider while that option is still available to
you."

The feed cut to black, leaving me staring at my own reflection in the darkened
screen.

In the span of a few hours, I'd lost nearly everything—my equipment, my safe
house, my emergency resources. I was back to square one, just like when I'd
first been forced out of Kang Tao. Only this time, I had even less to work with.

But I also had something I'd lacked then: information. Names. Connections. Diana
Weiss. Mikoshi. Whatever game was being played, I was at the center of it—and
knowledge was power in Night City.

I gathered Pixel's carrier and my meager salvaged resources, taking one last
look at the apartment that had been my home for the past year. Another temporary
space, abandoned out of necessity. The story of my life since leaving the
corporate world.

"Time to disappear," I murmured to Pixel, who mewed softly in response.

I exited through the window, using the fire escape to reach street level,
avoiding the main exits where Militech might have left surveillance. The morning
had fully arrived now, the streets growing busier as Night City's day shift
began. Perfect cover for someone looking to vanish.

I sent an encrypted message to Zoe at The Fractured Glass—a simple code we'd
established for emergencies: "Storage unit open." She would understand that I
needed to use the safe room she maintained behind the bar, no questions asked.

As I navigated the increasingly crowded streets, Pixel secure in her carrier
under my arm, I weighed my options. Diana Weiss had information about my firing
from Kang Tao—possibly even evidence that could clear my name. But if the
mysterious caller was to be believed, she was as dangerous as any corporate
executive, with a trail of dead netrunners behind her.

Militech wanted my skills badly enough to steal my equipment rather than destroy
it, suggesting they needed something specific that only I could provide.
Something related to Kang Tao and whatever "Mikoshi" was.

And somewhere in the middle was an unnamed third party, offering yet another
deal with yet another set of strings attached.

The morning sun reflected off the glass and chrome of Watson District's
buildings as I disappeared into the crowd, just another face in Night City's
endless sea of the desperate and determined. Whatever came next, one thing was
certain—I couldn't trust anyone's agenda but my own.

For now, that agenda was simple: survive, regroup, and find out what the hell
was really going on. Starting with locker 1372 at Night City Central Station.

Night City had taken almost everything from me. Again.

But I was still breathing. Still thinking. Still moving.

And in this city, that counted as a victory.
