---
date created: Tuesday, March 18th 2025, 2:25:31 pm
date modified: Tuesday, March 18th 2025, 9:39:08 pm
---

## CHAPTER 2 - Encrypted Truths

The Fractured Glass looked different in daylight—smaller, shabbier, stripped of
the mysterious atmosphere that night and neon provided. The front entrance was
locked, a digital sign indicating the bar wouldn't open until 4 PM, but I wasn't
looking for the front door.

I circled around to the narrow service alley behind the building, careful not to
disturb Pixel, who was still asleep in the safe room Zoe had provided. After the
chaos of fleeing my apartment last night, the cat had found a comfortable spot
on the small bed and seemed determined to make up for lost sleep.

"Almost there," I murmured to myself, approaching the unmarked steel door at the
back of the building. A small scanner was embedded in the wall beside it,
disguised as an outdated card reader. I pressed my palm against it and waited as
it analyzed my biometric signature.

Three seconds later, the door clicked open.

"Took you long enough," Zoe's voice greeted me as I stepped inside, finding her
leaning against the wall of the narrow hallway. Her enhanced eyes scanned me
quickly, taking in my disheveled appearance. "You look like shit."

"Rough morning," I replied, closing the door behind me and engaging the manual
locks. "Thanks for the emergency access."

She nodded, pushing off from the wall and gesturing for me to follow. "Safe
room's prepped. You need medical?"

I shook my head. "Just somewhere to regroup."

"And your furry friend?" She glanced at the carrier, where Pixel had pressed her
face against the mesh front, studying our surroundings with suspicious green
eyes.

"Nowhere else to take her."

Zoe led me past the bar's storeroom and kitchen to a reinforced door at the end
of the hallway. She pressed her hand to another scanner, then entered a numeric
code on a physical keypad—dual authentication, more secure than most corporate
facilities I'd encountered.

"Home sweet home," she said as the door swung open, revealing a small but
well-appointed room. "For the next twenty-four hours, at least. That's all I can
promise without questions."

The safe room was approximately fifteen square meters, with a narrow bed against
one wall, a compact workstation, a private bathroom, and a small kitchenette. No
windows, but a high-resolution wall screen displayed a live feed of the Watson
skyline, creating the illusion of a view.

"This is more than enough," I said, setting Pixel's carrier on the floor and
opening its door. The cat emerged cautiously, whiskers twitching as she assessed
her new environment. "I owe you."

"Yes, you do." Zoe crossed her arms, her expression turning serious. "Want to
tell me what kind of trouble you're in this time?"

I hesitated, weighing how much to share. Zoe was as close to a friend as I had
in Night City, but information was currency, and currency could be stolen or
extorted.

"Corporate entanglements," I said finally. "Multiple interested parties. It's
better if you don't know the details."

Her enhanced eyes narrowed slightly, the subtle circuitry patterns within them
pulsing with increased activity. "Militech?"

I couldn't hide my surprise. "How did you know?"

"Two suits came asking about you this morning. Very polite. Very corporate.
Claimed they were old colleagues looking to reconnect." She shrugged. "I fed
them some bullshit about not seeing you for days."

"Did they buy it?"

"Doesn't matter. They left a tracker drone outside anyway." A thin smile crossed
her face. "Which is now following a garbage truck to the city incinerator."

I felt a rush of gratitude. "You didn't have to do that."

"Of course I did. Bad for business if my patrons get snatched by corpo thugs."
She moved to the kitchenette, opening a cabinet to reveal a small arsenal of
weapons and equipment. "Speaking of business, I'm guessing you need hardware."

My eyes widened at the collection. "Since when did bartending include arms
dealing?"

"Side hustle," she replied with a casual wave. "Night City, remember? Everyone's
got at least three jobs."

The cabinet contained several handguns, a compact assault rifle, ammunition,
and—most precious of all—a basic cyberdeck. Not military-grade like my stolen
equipment, but functional.

"The deck's clean," Zoe said, noting my interest. "Basic commercial model, but
it'll get you online. Five thousand eddies for the package, half your usual rate
for high-end gear. Friend discount."

I reached for the emergency credchip I'd salvaged from my apartment, trying to
ignore the twinge of desperation as I handed over nearly all my remaining funds.
"Throw in a change of clothes and we've got a deal."

She accepted the chip with a nod. "Already ahead of you. Bathroom cabinet has
essentials. Might not be your usual style, but they're clean."

"You're a lifesaver."

"Just good business sense," she countered, though her expression softened
slightly. "Get some rest. I'll bring food before opening. We can talk more
then."

After she left, securing the multiple locks behind her, I conducted a thorough
sweep of the room for surveillance devices. Force of habit from my corporate
days. The room was clean—no cameras, no microphones, no passive data collection.
Zoe ran a tight operation.

Pixel had already claimed the center of the bed, curled into a perfect circle as
if we hadn't just fled our home with barely more than we could carry. I envied
her adaptability.

The shower in the compact bathroom was a luxury I hadn't expected but
desperately needed. Hot water sluiced away the tension in my muscles, if not the
knots in my mind. The cabinet contained basic toiletries and, as promised,
clothing—a black synth-leather jacket, gray urban camo pants, and a dark blue
compression shirt. Practical rather than stylish, but clean and close enough to
my size.

As I dressed, I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror. The dermal implants
along my collarbones had returned to their dormant state, barely visible beneath
my skin. The circles under my eyes had darkened, and the neural port at the base
of my skull showed signs of inflammation from the emergency disconnect earlier.
Not serious, but a visible reminder of pushing my limits.

I looked tired. Hunted.

But alive. And in Night City, that counted for something.

With fresh clothes and the new cyberdeck—a Raven Microcyb ComfortMaster model,
basic but reliable—I settled at the workstation to assess my situation. The deck
hummed to life as I connected its interface cables to my neural port, wincing
slightly at the unfamiliar connection.

Commercial decks never meshed as smoothly as military models, the neural
handshake more mechanical than intuitive. Still, after a few moments of
adjustment, I established a working connection and began setting up basic
security protocols.

Once I had a secure system, I turned my attention to the Militech data chip
still in my pocket. Dex had confirmed it contained malicious code, but that
didn't mean it was entirely useless. Corporate malware was sophisticated but
rarely perfect—there were always traces of legitimate code to analyze.

I created an isolated virtual environment on the deck and inserted the chip,
carefully quarantining its contents to prevent any accidental execution. The
contract data itself was standard corporate boilerplate—exclusive services,
non-disclosure agreements, impressive compensation figures. Nothing that
revealed Militech's true interest in me.

But embedded within the file structure was something more interesting: a
fragment of code related to something called "Project Blacksun." The reference
appeared only once, in a subroutine of the neural mapping malware, but it was
enough to trigger my professional curiosity.

I extracted the fragment and ran it through several decryption algorithms,
trying to tease out additional information. After three failed attempts, I
reluctantly set it aside. Without my specialized tools, I'd need more processing
power than this commercial deck could provide.

Checking the time—8:17 AM—I realized I'd been working for nearly two hours.
Night City Central Station would be in the middle of morning rush hour now,
crowds of commuters providing perfect cover for checking the mysterious locker.

But first, I needed to secure my temporary base.

I programmed several basic alert daemons into the new deck, setting them to
monitor local network traffic for any mention of my name or known aliases. Not
as robust as my usual security setup, but it would have to do. I also
established an emergency communications protocol with Zoe—a simple encrypted
message system that would alert her if I failed to check in at predetermined
intervals.

Pixel had relocated to a patch of artificial sunlight created by the wall
screen's simulated window, her tail twitching occasionally as she dozed. I
refreshed her water bowl and set out food from the supplies Zoe had thoughtfully
provided.

"Guard the fort," I told her, receiving a slow blink in response.

The safe room had its own exit to the alley, allowing me to leave without
passing through the main bar. I checked the alley carefully before emerging,
scanning for surveillance devices or observers. Nothing obvious, but in Night
City, that didn't mean much.

I took a circuitous route to the nearest subway station, doubling back twice and
changing my appearance slightly each time—putting on sunglasses, adjusting my
jacket, altering my gait. Basic countersurveillance techniques that would fool
automated systems and casual observers, if not dedicated professionals.

The subway was packed with morning commuters, their expressions uniformly blank
as they stared at internal AR displays or dozed against the vibrating windows. I
positioned myself in the center of the car, using the press of bodies as
camouflage. Three stops later, I exited at Night City Central, carried along by
the flow of the crowd.

The station was a monumental structure of glass and steel, one of the few public
works projects that had received proper funding during Night City's last period
of economic growth. Massive holographic advertisements floated above the main
concourse, promoting everything from the latest cybernetic enhancements to
vacation packages in orbit. Security drones patrolled at ceiling height, their
cameras constantly scanning the crowds.

The public lockers were located on the lower level, arranged in neat rows along
a corridor that connected the main terminal to the secondary exits. Each locker
had a biometric scanner and a keypad for dual authentication—a reflection of the
value people placed on privacy in a city where information was often more
valuable than physical goods.

Locker 1372 was in the far corner, partially obscured by a support column. I
approached casually, positioning myself to block the nearest security camera's
view with my body. According to my mysterious contact, the access code was my
former employee ID from Kang Tao—a seven-digit number I hadn't used in over a
year but still remembered with perfect clarity.

I entered it on the keypad and placed my thumb on the biometric scanner, unsure
if it had been programmed to recognize me specifically.

The scanner glowed green. The locker clicked open.

Inside was a single item: a high-density data shard encased in a protective
shell. The kind used for transferring massive amounts of information securely,
isolated from any network connections. No markings, no identification—just the
shard itself.

I pocketed it quickly and closed the locker, moving away at an unhurried pace
that wouldn't attract attention from the security systems. My heart was racing,
but my expression remained neutral as I rejoined the flow of commuters heading
toward the exits.

The shard felt unnaturally heavy in my pocket—a physical manifestation of
information that multiple powerful entities apparently wanted badly enough to
threaten, bribe, or manipulate me to obtain. Information about Kang Tao, about
my dismissal, about whatever "Mikoshi" was.

I needed a secure location to review its contents, and the commercial deck Zoe
had provided wouldn't be sufficient for something this sensitive. I needed
specialized equipment—the kind found in high-end netrunning dens or corporate
R&D departments.

Or in the workshop of a certain ripperdoc with a sideline in data extraction.

I changed directions, heading for the eastern exit that would take me toward
Kabuki and Vik's clinic. The morning crowd had thinned somewhat, making me more
visible than I would have preferred. I kept my head down, relying on the
constant flow of travelers to provide cover.

As I neared the exit, the fine hairs on my arms rose—the same instinctive
warning I'd felt in the alley before encountering the Militech agent. Someone
was watching me. Directly, not through surveillance systems.

I didn't break stride or turn to look, instead using reflective surfaces to scan
my surroundings. The crowd behind me seemed ordinary enough, but—there. A tall
figure in a dark jacket, moving with the purposeful grace of someone trained in
covert operations. Male, approximately fifty meters back, maintaining perfect
distance despite the fluctuations in the crowd's density.

Professional tail. Too good to be coincidence.

I had two options: try to lose him in the station's labyrinthine service
corridors, or lead him away from my actual destination and ambush him somewhere
private. The first option was safer but would leave me wondering who was
tracking me. The second was risky but might provide answers.

I chose the second.

Instead of exiting toward Kabuki, I changed direction again, heading for the
station's western retail arcade—a narrow corridor of small shops catering to
commuters' immediate needs. Less crowded than the main concourse, with more
corners and service doors. Better for confrontation.

My pursuer adjusted smoothly, maintaining distance but continuing to follow.
Definitely professional. Definitely intentional.

I entered the retail arcade, passing a synthetic coffee shop and a convenience
store before spotting what I needed—a public restroom with an "Out of Order"
sign on the door. In Night City, such signs were often permanent fixtures, the
result of municipal budget cuts and corporate disinterest in public services.

Perfect.

I glanced at my reflection in a shop window, confirming my tail was still there,
then slipped past the sign into the dimly lit restroom. As expected, it was
deserted, the automated cleaning systems long since disabled. I positioned
myself beside the door, drawing my newly acquired pistol and disabling the
safety with practiced ease.

Thirty seconds later, the door opened slowly. My pursuer entered cautiously,
hand inside his jacket—reaching for a weapon, no doubt. I pressed the barrel of
my pistol against the base of his skull before he could complete the motion.

"Don't," I said quietly. "Hands where I can see them."

He complied, raising his hands slowly to shoulder height. "Impressive
situational awareness, Ms. Johnson."

The voice was familiar—the same man who had called me after the Hyatt Plaza
meeting. The mysterious third party who claimed Diana Weiss was killing
netrunners.

"Turn around. Slowly."

He obeyed, revealing a face that matched the voice—mid-fifties, with the sharp
features and perfect complexion that suggested extensive cosmetic modifications.
His eyes were a vivid artificial blue, with visible targeting enhancements.
Corporate military, or former.

"We could have arranged a more comfortable meeting place," he said, his tone
conversational despite the gun pointed at his chest.

"I prefer spontaneity," I replied. "Keeps conversations honest. Speaking of
which—who are you, and why are you following me?"

"My name is Harlan Cross. Former chief of operations for Arasaka
counterintelligence." He said it matter-of-factly, as if discussing the weather
rather than revealing his connection to one of the most feared corporate
security divisions in the world.

"Former?"

"Let's say my departure was… similar to yours from Kang Tao. Though considerably
less public."

I kept my expression neutral, though my mind was racing. Arasaka and Kang Tao
were competitors in multiple markets, particularly weapons development and
security services. If Cross was telling the truth about his background, his
interest in me likely related to corporate espionage.

"You said Diana Weiss kills netrunners," I said. "Why should I believe an
Arasaka spy over a Kang Tao executive?"

A thin smile crossed his face. "Because unlike Weiss, I'm offering you proof
before asking for your services." He nodded toward his jacket pocket. "May I?"

I gestured with my pistol, keeping it trained on him as he slowly reached into
his pocket and extracted a small holographic projector.

"Sixteen netrunners," he said, activating the device. It displayed a grid of
faces—men and women of various ages and ethnicities, all with the distinctive
neural port visible at the base of their skulls. "All formerly employed by major
corporations. All recruited by Weiss after being dismissed under questionable
circumstances. All dead within two weeks of completing their assignments for
her."

The images cycled through detailed profiles: names, former employers, dates of
recruitment and death. The information seemed comprehensive—too detailed to be
fabricated on short notice.

"Weiss is hunting for something specific," Cross continued. "Something hidden
within the corporate networks. She uses specialists like you to access systems
that resist conventional intrusion, then eliminates them to cover her tracks."

"What's she looking for?"

"That's where our interests align, Ms. Johnson. I don't know—but I want to find
out. And the data shard you just collected from locker 1372 might contain the
answer."

My grip on the pistol tightened. "You've been watching me that closely?"

"I've been watching Weiss. You're simply her latest recruitment attempt." He
deactivated the projector, returning it to his pocket. "The difference is, I
reached out before you accepted her offer. The others weren't so fortunate."

I considered his words, weighing them against what I already knew. The
mysterious woman—Diana Weiss, if Cross was to be believed—had claimed
responsibility for my dismissal from Kang Tao, calling it a "business decision."
She'd offered information and revenge in exchange for my "particular talents."
And now this Arasaka operative was claiming she'd done the same to sixteen other
netrunners, all of whom ended up dead.

"What do you want from me?" I asked finally.

"The same thing Weiss does: your skills. But unlike her, I'm not asking you to
risk a direct neural connection to whatever systems she's targeting." Cross
nodded toward my pocket where the data shard rested. "I want you to analyze that
data in a secure environment, identify what Weiss is searching for, and help me
locate it first."

"And then what?"

"Then you walk away with a new identity, as promised. Clean record, corporate
credentials, enough funds to start fresh anywhere outside Night City."

It sounded too good to be true, which meant it probably was. But the evidence
he'd presented about the dead netrunners was concerning, if legitimate.

"I need to verify your information," I said, lowering my weapon slightly but
keeping it ready. "And I'll analyze the shard my way, on my terms."

Cross nodded. "I expected nothing less. Take whatever precautions you deem
necessary." He reached into another pocket and extracted a secure link chip.
"When you're ready to discuss what you find, use this. It's a direct line,
untraceable."

I accepted the chip with my free hand, mentally noting that I'd need to scan it
thoroughly before using it.

"One last thing," Cross said as I stepped back to allow him to leave. "Weiss
isn't the only one hunting for this information. Militech, Arasaka, Kang Tao—all
of them have resources in play. Whatever is on that shard has significant value
to multiple parties."

"Why tell me this?"

"Because I need you alert and prepared. If you die, like the others, I lose my
best lead." He straightened his jacket, his posture relaxing now that the
immediate threat had passed. "And perhaps, unlike my former employers, I see
value in transparency."

With that, he turned and exited the restroom, leaving me alone with more
questions than answers and a data shard that apparently multiple corporations
were willing to kill for.

I waited several minutes, ensuring Cross had truly departed, before leaving the
restroom myself. The station had grown marginally quieter as the peak of morning
rush hour passed, making me more conspicuous. I exited through a service
corridor, emerging onto a side street away from the main entrances where
surveillance would be heaviest.

My destination remained the same—Vik's clinic—but now I approached with even
greater caution. If Cross had tracked me to the station, others might be
watching as well. I took an extremely circuitous route, using service alleys and
less-monitored streets, occasionally doubling back to check for tails.

It took nearly an hour to cover what should have been a fifteen-minute journey,
but I arrived at Vik's clinic without detecting any pursuit. The red light above
his door was off—either he was closed or working on someone who needed privacy.
I used our special knock anyway: three taps, pause, two more.

After a moment, the door opened a crack, and Vik's weathered face appeared.

"Twice in one day," he observed, raising an eyebrow. "Must be my lucky morning."

"Need your help again," I said quietly. "Private matter."

His eyes narrowed slightly as he scanned my new clothing and the tension in my
posture. "Trouble?"

"When isn't it?"

He nodded once and opened the door wider, revealing an empty waiting area. "Just
finished with my last patient. Come through to the back."

I followed him through the clinic to his private office, noting the increased
security measures since my last visit—new camera systems, reinforced door
frames, additional biometric scanners. Vik had taken my warning about corporate
attention seriously.

"Meridian came by," he explained, noticing my assessment of the upgrades. "Three
suits with legal documents. Left disappointed." A rare smile crossed his face.
"That data you provided shut them down completely. They're backing off all the
local clinics."

"Good to hear something's going right," I said, settling into the diagnostic
chair out of habit.

Vik studied me for a moment, his experienced eyes no doubt cataloging signs of
stress and fatigue that I was trying to hide. "What happened? You were fine a
few hours ago."

"Militech happened. Raided my apartment, took everything—equipment, weapons,
data, emergency funds. All gone." I leaned back in the chair, suddenly feeling
the weight of events since our last meeting. "Turns out the Meridian job
attracted more attention than I anticipated."

"Christ." Vik moved to a cabinet, extracting a bottle of actual, non-synthetic
whiskey—a rare luxury in Night City—and two glasses. "Start from the beginning."

I gave him an abbreviated version of events: the Militech approach, the
mysterious message about Kang Tao, Diana Weiss and her claims about my firing,
Harlan Cross and his warnings about dead netrunners. I mentioned the data shard
but not its specific location, maintaining operational security out of habit.

"Sounds like you've stepped into something big," Vik said when I finished,
refilling my glass without asking. "Militech, Kang Tao, and Arasaka, all
intersecting around you? That's not coincidence."

"No shit." I took a sip of the whiskey, appreciating the authentic burn. "The
question is why now? I've been out of Kang Tao for over a year. Why the sudden
interest from all sides?"

Vik leaned back in his chair, his expression thoughtful. "Timing suggests they
found something—or lost something—that connects to whatever happened when you
left."

"Mikoshi," I murmured, the name still unfamiliar on my tongue. "Weiss mentioned
a 'Mikoshi breach' when discussing my firing. Never heard of it during my time
there."

"Mikoshi?" Vik's brow furrowed. "That's an Arasaka project, not Kang Tao. At
least, according to rumors."

This caught my attention. "What kind of rumors?"

"The kind that get people killed for repeating them." He took a long sip of his
whiskey before continuing. "Some of my patients work Arasaka security. They
don't talk much, but when they're under for implant installation, sometimes they
mutter. Mikoshi came up a few times—always with fear. Something about soul
storage, whatever that means."

"Soul storage?" I repeated skeptically. "Sounds like corpo mysticism."

"Maybe. But Arasaka's been researching consciousness transfer technology for
decades. Their Secure Your Soul program is public knowledge, even if the details
are classified."

I filed this information away, another piece of a puzzle I couldn't yet see the
shape of. "Whatever it is, multiple corporations are willing to go to extreme
lengths to get information about it. And they think I have access somehow."

"Do you?" Vik asked bluntly.

I hesitated. "I don't know. But I need to find out." I gestured toward his data
analysis station in the corner. "That's why I'm here. I need to check something,
securely. Off-network."

Vik understood immediately. "The clinic's isolated system. No external
connections, military-grade encryption." He nodded toward the terminal. "All
yours. Just don't trigger any alarms—the security protocols are set to fry any
unauthorized hardware."

"Appreciated." I moved to the terminal, a considerably more sophisticated setup
than the commercial deck Zoe had provided. Vik used it primarily for analyzing
implant software and patient neural scans, but its isolation made it perfect for
examining potentially dangerous data.

I extracted the shard from my pocket, studying its featureless surface for a
moment before connecting it to the terminal's secure port. The system recognized
the device immediately, prompting for authentication before proceeding.

"Need privacy for this part," I told Vik, who nodded understanding.

"I'll be in the front. Take your time." He closed the door behind him as he
left, giving me complete isolation.

I turned back to the terminal, considering my approach. Standard authentication
would likely fail or trigger security measures—whoever had left this for me
would have implemented custom protocols.

On instinct, I tried my Kang Tao employee ID again, the same number that had
opened the locker. The system rejected it immediately.

I thought for a moment, then tried a different approach. If this was truly from
Diana Weiss, former Kang Tao executive who had orchestrated my dismissal, she
might have used a different identifier—one specific to my termination.

I entered the case number from my dismissal proceedings, a sequence I'd
memorized during my futile attempts to appeal the decision.

The screen flashed green. Authentication accepted.

The terminal hummed as it began decrypting and transferring the shard's contents
to its secure memory. A progress bar appeared, estimating fourteen minutes to
complete—indicating an enormous amount of data, likely heavily encrypted.

While waiting, I conducted a preliminary scan for malware or tracking software.
The shard appeared clean, containing data only, with no executable files or
active components. Still, I maintained the terminal's isolation from any
networks, unwilling to risk connecting such sensitive information to systems
that might be compromised.

As the transfer neared completion, I prepared the terminal's analytical
tools—pattern recognition software, data visualization interfaces, and
linguistic analysis programs. Whatever this data contained, I intended to
extract every piece of useful information before deciding my next move.

The terminal chimed softly as the transfer finished. The screen displayed a
simple interface with three folders: MIKOSHI, JOHNSON, and PROOF.

I hesitated, my finger hovering over the display as I considered which to open
first. Professional curiosity urged me toward MIKOSHI, but self-preservation
suggested JOHNSON might contain information directly relevant to my situation.

I compromised, selecting PROOF first—likely the folder containing evidence to
validate whatever claims Weiss was making.

The folder opened to reveal hundreds of files: corporate communications,
security footage, financial transactions, personnel records. All from Kang Tao's
supposedly secure internal systems. The sheer volume was overwhelming, but the
terminal's search function allowed me to filter by relevance.

I entered my name, narrowing the results to documents directly related to my
case.

The first file was a security committee transcript dated three days before my
dismissal. The participants included Marcus Chen and several executives whose
names I recognized, with one redacted participant identified only as "Project
Director."

The transcript confirmed exactly what Weiss had claimed: I had been deliberately
selected as a scapegoat for a security breach related to something called
"Mikoshi." The committee had methodically reviewed potential candidates before
settling on me—"skilled enough to be plausible, isolated enough to be
expendable," in Marcus's words.

Anger flared as I read the clinical discussion of my career's destruction, but I
forced myself to maintain professional detachment. Emotional reactions wouldn't
help me navigate this situation.

The next file was even more damning—a fabricated security log showing
unauthorized access from my terminal to restricted systems, timestamped during
periods when I could prove I'd been elsewhere. They'd created an elaborate
digital trail leading directly to me, while simultaneously removing evidence of
the actual breach.

I continued through the files, each one revealing another layer of the
conspiracy that had ended my corporate career. By the time I finished, I had no
doubt: Diana Weiss was telling the truth about my firing. I had been sacrificed
to protect Kang Tao's interests and hide the real security failure.

But why? What was so important about this Mikoshi that it warranted such
elaborate measures?

I moved to the MIKOSHI folder next, bracing myself for corporate technobabble
and restricted research data.

Instead, I found something far more disturbing.

The folder contained technical specifications, research notes, and test results
for what appeared to be a consciousness storage system—a massive digital
architecture designed to house human minds separated from their physical bodies.

According to the documents, Mikoshi was originally an Arasaka project, decades
in development. The core technology allowed for the digitization of human
consciousness—what Vik had referred to as "soul storage." Subjects' minds were
scanned and transferred to the secure Mikoshi environment, where they could
exist indefinitely, independent of their biological forms.

The research noted multiple applications: immortality for the wealthy elite,
imprisonment for those who possessed valuable knowledge, and—most ominously—the
creation of "controllable digital entities" that retained the skills and
memories of their original persons but operated under corporate direction.

What made the breach significant was that Kang Tao had apparently stolen
critical components of the technology from Arasaka through industrial espionage.
They'd been developing their own version, codenamed "Blacksun"—the same term I'd
found embedded in the Militech malware.

The implication was clear: multiple corporations were racing to develop or steal
this consciousness transfer technology, seeing it as the ultimate frontier in
both immortality services and human resources control.

But where did I fit into this?

I opened the final folder—JOHNSON—with growing unease.

The first file was my complete personnel record from Kang Tao, including
psychological assessments, neural mapping results, and compatibility indexes I'd
never seen before. The evaluations had categorized me as "Exceptionally
Compatible" for something called "Engram Stabilization Protocol"—a term that
appeared throughout the Mikoshi documentation in reference to successful
consciousness transfers.

The second file was a research brief titled "Candidate Identification,"
detailing the search for individuals with neural architectures compatible with
long-term digital consciousness storage. My name appeared on a shortlist of
twenty-seven Kang Tao employees with optimal compatibility ratings.

The third file made my blood run cold.

It was a project proposal, dated one week before my dismissal, recommending me
for "involuntary participation" in the Blacksun protocol. The justification
cited my exceptional neural compatibility and relative lack of personal
connections that might investigate my disappearance.

In other words, Kang Tao had planned to use me as a test subject for their
stolen consciousness transfer technology—to digitize my mind without consent and
discard my physical body once the process was complete.

My dismissal hadn't been just a convenient scapegoating; it had been preparation
for my planned "disappearance." The security breach had merely accelerated their
timeline, forcing them to discard me before they could implement the full
Blacksun protocol.

I'd escaped my fate purely by accident—fired and publicly disgraced before they
could quietly abduct me for their experiments.

The room seemed to tilt slightly as this realization settled in. I gripped the
edge of the terminal, forcing myself to breathe evenly as I processed the
implications.

My mind raced with questions: Was this why multiple corporations were suddenly
interested in me? Did they believe I had information about Mikoshi because I'd
been selected as a test subject? Or was there something more—something in my
neural architecture that made me valuable to their research?

And Diana Weiss—what was her role in all this? The files confirmed she had been
the Project Director for Blacksun, responsible for both the technology
development and test subject selection. She had chosen me for the program, then
orchestrated my dismissal when the security breach occurred.

Now she wanted my help. The question was: for what?

I copied the most critical files to a secure partition on the terminal, then
initiated a complete wipe of the data shard. Whatever happened next, I couldn't
risk this information falling into the wrong hands—any hands, really.

As the terminal processed my commands, I leaned back in the chair, the weight of
what I'd discovered pressing down on me. I had gone from being a disgraced
corporate netrunner to a pawn in a high-stakes game between megacorporations,
all fighting to control technology that could fundamentally redefine human
existence.

And I was apparently valuable to all of them—not for my skills alone, but for
the structure of my brain itself.

The terminal chimed as it completed the data wipe, returning the shard to its
factory settings—an empty vessel that could have contained anything or nothing.
I removed it from the port and slipped it back into my pocket. Useless now, but
the corporations hunting me wouldn't know that.

I stood and moved to the door, finding Vik waiting in the hallway outside. His
expression told me he'd respected my privacy but had remained close in case of
trouble.

"Find what you needed?" he asked.

"And a whole lot I didn't," I replied grimly. "We need to talk, but not here.
Too many eyes potentially watching your clinic after the Meridian situation."

He nodded understanding. "My apartment. Eastern edge of Kabuki. Old building,
minimal security coverage." He scribbled an address on a piece of paper—actual
paper, another rarity in Night City—and handed it to me. "One hour. I'll make
sure you're not followed."

As I prepared to leave through the clinic's rear exit, Vik placed a hand on my
shoulder—an unusually personal gesture from the normally reserved ripperdoc.

"Whatever you've stumbled into, Scarth, be careful," he said, his voice low.
"Corps don't hunt people this aggressively without serious motivation. And they
don't care who gets hurt in the process."

"I know." I attempted a reassuring smile, though it felt forced even to me.
"This isn't my first corpo dance."

"Maybe not. But it might be your last if you're not careful."

With those ominous words lingering in the air, I slipped out the back door and
into the increasingly busy streets of Kabuki. The midday sun had broken through
Night City's perpetual haze, casting harsh shadows between the towering
buildings and illuminating the constant drift of particulates in the air—a toxic
cocktail of industrial pollution, exhaust, and synthetic food vapors.

I checked the paper with Vik's address before encrypting the information in my
neural storage and destroying the physical copy. The location was approximately
twenty minutes away on foot—a modest apartment block in a neighborhood that had
resisted both gentrification and complete decay, maintaining a precarious
balance between the two.

Rather than heading directly there, I took a winding path through the district's
central market, using the dense crowds as cover while I conducted
counter-surveillance routines. The market was a sensory assault—vendors shouting
in multiple languages, cooking food filling the air with conflicting aromas,
holographic advertisements competing for attention with their increasingly
aggressive algorithms.

Perfect for disappearing.

I purchased a temporary visual modification from a street vendor—a facial
projection system that subtly altered my appearance without being obvious enough
to trigger security system alerts. The tech was low-quality and would only last
a few hours before the adhesive degraded, but it was sufficient for my immediate
needs.

With my appearance altered and satisfied I wasn't being followed, I made my way
toward Vik's apartment, taking one final detour through an automated laundry
facility to verify my clean status. The steady rhythm of industrial washing
machines provided an oddly soothing background as I performed my final checks.

Vik's building was exactly as I'd expected—a twelve-story residential block from
the pre-corporate wars era, its concrete facade patched in multiple places where
structural integrity had been prioritized over aesthetics. The security was
minimal: a simple code panel at the main entrance and cameras that looked
functional but, upon closer inspection, were at least two generations behind
current surveillance technology.

I entered the code Vik had included on his note and slipped inside, taking the
stairs rather than the elevator—another habit from my corporate days. Less
predictable, more control, fewer cameras.

His apartment was on the ninth floor, at the end of a dimly lit hallway that
smelled faintly of synthetic noodles and cleaning chemicals. I knocked using our
established pattern and waited, hand instinctively near my concealed weapon.

The door opened to reveal Vik, now dressed in civilian clothing rather than his
usual clinic attire—a simple synthetic fabric shirt and utility pants that made
him look more like a retired mechanic than one of Night City's most skilled
ripperdocs.

"No tail," he confirmed, stepping aside to let me enter. "Checked the building's
surroundings remotely before you arrived."

The apartment was surprisingly spacious, with high ceilings and windows that had
been modified with one-way privacy film—allowing views out while preventing
observation from outside. The furnishings were minimal but of high quality, and
the walls were lined with actual printed books—another indication of Vik's
preference for physical media over digital.

"Nice place," I observed, scanning the room for exits and potential defensive
positions out of habit.

"Bought it back when property had value," he replied, moving to a small
kitchenette. "Before the corps started pricing out anyone without six-figure
salaries. Coffee? The real thing, not that synthetic crap."

I nodded gratefully, continuing my assessment of the space. No obvious
surveillance devices, good sightlines to the surrounding buildings, multiple
potential exits including a fire escape accessible through the bedroom window.
Defensible, if it came to that.

"So," Vik said as he prepared the coffee using an antique manual brewing system.
"What did you find that's got you spooked enough to need a secure meeting
space?"

I settled onto a worn but comfortable couch, organizing my thoughts. "What do
you know about consciousness transfer technology?"

His hands paused momentarily in their work. "Officially or unofficially?"

"The truth."

He finished preparing the coffee before answering, bringing two steaming cups to
the small table in front of the couch. The aroma was rich and complex—authentic
in a way that synthetic versions could never quite replicate.

"Officially, it's cutting-edge research, decades from practical application.
Unofficially…" He sighed, sitting heavily in an armchair across from me. "There
are rumors that Arasaka cracked it years ago. Some kind of secure digital
environment where consciousness can exist independent of the body."

"Mikoshi," I said.

He nodded. "That's what my patients called it, the ones who worked Arasaka
security. Always whispered, like they were afraid of the word itself."

I took a sip of the coffee, appreciating the bitter warmth before continuing.
"It's real. And Kang Tao stole it."

Vik's eyes widened slightly—the most surprise I'd ever seen him display. "That
would explain why multiple corps are hunting you. Industrial espionage at that
level… people disappear for less."

"It's worse than that." I leaned forward, lowering my voice despite the secure
location. "They were planning to use me as a test subject. Something about my
neural architecture being 'exceptionally compatible' with their version of the
technology."

"Jesus," Vik muttered. "How'd you discover this?"

I explained the contents of the data shard—the proof of my deliberate
scapegoating, the technical specifications of Mikoshi, and the documents
revealing my selection for "involuntary participation" in the Blacksun protocol.

"So I wasn't just fired as a convenient scapegoat," I concluded. "I was being
prepared for abduction and experimentation. The security breach just accelerated
their timeline and forced them to discard me before they could implement the
full protocol."

Vik was silent for a long moment, processing this information with the
methodical thoroughness that made him an excellent ripperdoc. "And now, a year
later, Diana Weiss—the same exec who selected you for this program—suddenly
wants your help. Militech is trying to recruit you. And an Arasaka operative
named Harlan Cross is warning you about Weiss killing netrunners."

"Pretty much."

"The question is why now? What changed?" He tapped his fingers thoughtfully
against his coffee cup. "If they've been developing this technology for years,
why the sudden urgency from all sides?"

I'd been pondering the same question since discovering the files. "I think
something happened recently—something that made the technology more viable or
more valuable. The Militech agent mentioned 'Blackwall research division.' That
suggests a connection to the Old Net and the rogue AIs trapped beyond the
Blackwall."

"Dangerous territory," Vik murmured. "The kind that gets entire research teams
flatlined when something goes wrong."

A thought struck me. "The netrunners Weiss supposedly killed—what if they
weren't just removing witnesses? What if she was using them to test the
technology?"

Vik's expression darkened. "Using their neural architecture to refine the
transfer process before they became… expendable." He shook his head. "Classic
corpo thinking. Use people up, throw them away."

"And I'm next on her list," I said, the reality of my situation settling more
firmly with each passing moment. "Unless I find a way out of this mess."

"Options?" Vik asked, ever practical.

I considered carefully. "Run—leave Night City, try to disappear completely. But
they found me once; they could do it again."

"And your neural architecture remains valuable to them regardless of location,"
Vik added. "They'd hunt you globally."

"Second option: make a deal with one of the interested parties. Cross offered a
new identity and corporate credentials in exchange for helping him identify what
Weiss is searching for."

"Trusting an Arasaka operative is risky," Vik cautioned. "Their loyalty is to
the corporation, not to promises made to freelancers."

"Agreed. Which leaves option three: find leverage. Something valuable enough
that they'll leave me alone in exchange for it."

"The Mikoshi/Blacksun technology itself?"

I nodded. "Or enough evidence of corporate espionage to create mutually assured
destruction. If I can prove Kang Tao stole from Arasaka, and that Militech is
trying to steal from both…"

"You become too dangerous to touch," Vik finished, understanding my approach.
"But also too valuable to leave alone."

He was right, of course. Creating leverage would make me a priority target
rather than reducing the danger. But it might give me room to maneuver, to
negotiate, to survive.

"I need more information," I said finally. "About Mikoshi, about Blacksun, about
why they're all suddenly moving now. And for that—"

"You need to go back into a corporate system," Vik concluded grimly. "Precisely
what all these factions want you to do."

"Got any better ideas?"

He sighed, rubbing his temples—a gesture that reminded me of his age, often easy
to forget given his competence and vitality. "Not immediately. But if you're
determined to pursue this approach, you need equipment. Your military-grade deck
was stolen, and that commercial model won't cut it for corporate infiltration."

"I don't exactly have the eddies for high-end gear right now," I pointed out.
"Militech made sure of that."

"I might have something." Vik rose and moved to what appeared to be a standard
closet door along the far wall. He placed his palm against an unmarked section,
revealing a hidden scanner that hummed softly as it read his biometrics.

The door slid open to reveal not a closet but a small, carefully organized
equipment room—a scaled-down version of his clinic with specialized tools,
several cybernetic components in various stages of assembly, and, most
significantly, a cyberdeck of unfamiliar design.

He removed the deck carefully, placing it on the table before me. "Prototype.
Modified from Militech architecture but heavily customized. One of my patients
traded it for a specialized combat implant package last year."

I examined it with professional interest. The design was sleeker than standard
military models, with an unusual interface configuration and connection ports I
didn't immediately recognize.

"What's the catch?" I asked, knowing that equipment this sophisticated always
came with complications.

"It's partially integrated with Militech protocols," Vik explained. "Gives you
advantages when targeting their systems but creates vulnerabilities if they
detect the architecture."

"So ideal for infiltrating Militech, dangerous for everything else."

"Precisely. But it's the best option available on short notice. And
significantly more powerful than commercial alternatives."

I considered the risk. Using Militech architecture to hack Militech systems was
both poetic and pragmatic—their own security might interpret the deck as
authorized hardware, creating openings that standard equipment couldn't achieve.
But if discovered, it would confirm their suspicions about my activities and
potentially provide data about my neural patterns.

"I'll take it," I decided. The immediate advantages outweighed the potential
long-term risks. In Night City, tomorrow was never guaranteed anyway.

Vik nodded and returned to the equipment room, emerging with interface cables
and a neural adapter. "These will help minimize rejection when connecting to
your neural port. The architecture is different from what you're used to—expect
some discomfort during the initial handshake."

"I can handle discomfort." I'd experienced far worse during my corporate
training, when Kang Tao programmers had forced compatibility with their
proprietary systems through what they euphemistically called "neural
recalibration."

Vik's expression suggested he understood the understatement. "There's something
else you should consider," he said, his tone more serious than before. "Your
neural architecture—the compatibility they identified for their consciousness
transfer experiments—it might be affecting your decisions."

"What do you mean?"

"These corporations identified something in your brain structure that made you
ideal for their technology. That same structure influences your thought
patterns, your risk assessment, your fundamental approach to the world." He
leaned forward, holding my gaze. "What if the very thing that makes you valuable
to them is pushing you toward choices that benefit their objectives?"

The question struck deeper than I'd expected, triggering an unsettling cascade
of self-doubt. Was my decision to confront this situation head-on truly my own,
or was it somehow influenced by the neural architecture that had made me a
target?

"You're suggesting they're manipulating me without direct intervention," I said
slowly. "That my own brain chemistry is doing their work for them."

"I'm suggesting you consider the possibility," Vik clarified. "The best
manipulation is the kind where the target believes every decision is their own."

It was disturbing but not implausible. Corporations had been studying
neurobehavioral patterns for decades, refining their understanding of how
specific brain structures corresponded to decision-making processes. If my
neural architecture was distinctive enough to make me valuable for consciousness
transfer experiments, it might also create predictable response patterns they
could anticipate and exploit.

"So what's the alternative?" I asked. "Ignore the situation? Hope they lose
interest?"

"Approach it differently," Vik suggested. "Instead of going after corporate
systems directly, focus on the netrunners Weiss allegedly killed. If Cross was
telling the truth, they had neural architectures similar to yours. Their
experiences might provide insights without exposing you to direct corporate
surveillance."

It was a solid suggestion—investigating the dead netrunners would be safer than
corporate infiltration and might reveal patterns or information I'd otherwise
miss. But it would require resources and connections I currently lacked.

Unless…

"Raven," I said suddenly, the name emerging from my thoughts before I'd fully
processed the connection.

"Who?" Vik looked confused.

"A merc I encountered during a job a few weeks back. Been watching me at The
Fractured Glass ever since." I explained my limited interactions with the
mysterious figure and his apparent warning before I left the bar the previous
night. "He has resources, connections. Military background, based on his
hardware. And he's been keeping tabs on me without making a move."

"Could be working for one of the corps," Vik cautioned.

"Possible. But his behavior doesn't fit corporate methodology. No approach, no
offer, no threat. Just observation." I tapped my fingers against the prototype
deck, contemplating. "Worth investigating, at minimum."

"And how do you plan to do that? Walk up and ask if he's corporate?"

"Something like that." I smiled thinly. "People reveal more than they intend to
when surprised. And I'm very good at creating surprises."

Vik looked skeptical but didn't argue further. "Your call. But be careful with
that deck—its architecture will be recognizable to Militech systems. Like
walking into their house wearing their clothes."

"Sometimes the best hiding place is in plain sight." I carefully packed the
prototype deck and its accessories into a discreet carrying case Vik provided.
"I should go. The longer I stay in one location, the higher the risk of
discovery."

"Where will you go?" Vik asked, concern evident despite his attempt at
professional detachment.

"Better you don't know. I've involved you enough already." I stood, preparing to
leave. "Thank you, Vik. For everything."

He rose as well, his expression solemn. "Just promise me one thing: whatever you
discover, whatever you decide to do—remember it's your choice. Not what your
neural architecture predisposes you toward, not what these corporations want.
Your choice."

The words resonated more deeply than he likely intended, touching on
uncertainties I hadn't fully acknowledged even to myself. In a world where
corporations could map, predict, and potentially manipulate neural responses,
how could anyone be certain their decisions were truly their own?

"I'll remember," I promised, though whether I could actually distinguish between
genuine autonomy and programmed response remained to be seen.

I left Vik's apartment the same way I'd entered—cautiously, with multiple checks
for surveillance or pursuit. The afternoon had progressed toward evening, the
shadows lengthening between buildings as Night City's ceaseless activity
transitioned from day shift to night. The streets were crowded with workers
heading home, shoppers pursuing last-minute errands, and the first wave of
evening revelers seeking entertainment.

Perfect conditions for disappearing.

I made my way east, deeper into Kabuki, avoiding main thoroughfares and security
checkpoints. My destination wasn't fixed—I needed movement, unpredictability,
time to process what I'd learned and formulate a plan.

The revelations about Mikoshi, Blacksun, and my selection for "involuntary
participation" had fundamentally altered my understanding of my situation. I
wasn't just a disgraced netrunner being sought for my skills; I was a research
subject who had escaped before experimentation could begin. My neural
architecture—something I'd never even been aware of as distinctive—was
apparently valuable enough to justify corporate manhunts and assassination
attempts.

And most disturbing of all, as Vik had suggested, that same neural architecture
might be influencing my responses to the situation, channeling me toward choices
that aligned with corporate interests rather than my own survival.

I found myself in a small urban garden—one of Kabuki's rare public spaces, where
environmental engineers had carved out a pocket of greenery amidst the concrete
and neon. Synthetic trees with air-filtering capabilities lined the perimeter,
their programmer-perfect shapes creating the illusion of nature without its
unpredictability. Benches were arranged around a central pond where water
recirculated through purification systems visible beneath the transparent
bottom.

I sat at the edge of the garden, back against a maintenance shed that provided
cover from three directions, and extracted a protein bar from my jacket
pocket—the last of the emergency rations I'd grabbed before fleeing my
apartment. As I ate, I observed the other park occupants: elderly residents
playing go on electronic boards, young couples seeking momentary privacy,
children with budget-line cybernetic enhancements playing games their parents
could never have afforded.

Ordinary lives in an extraordinary city. None of them aware of the technological
war being waged around them—a war for control of human consciousness itself.

My neural link vibrated with an incoming call, startling me from my
observations. No ID, secure connection protocol. I hesitated, then accepted,
activating the integrated voice modulator in my implants as a precaution.

"Speak." My altered voice emerged flat, genderless, untraceable.

"Ms. Johnson." Diana Weiss's voice, recognizable despite the encryption
distortion. "I believe you've had time to review the information I provided."

"I have." I kept my responses minimal, revealing nothing.

"Then you understand why I've contacted you. Why you, specifically, are
essential to my operation."

"Because of my neural architecture. My compatibility with the transfer process."

A pause, barely perceptible but meaningful. "You found more than I expected.
Good. That confirms my assessment of your capabilities."

"What do you want?" I asked directly, scanning my surroundings for surveillance
as we spoke. The park remained ordinary, uninterested in my conversation.

"Your assistance accessing a secure system—one final component of the Blacksun
protocol that Kang Tao was unable to fully extract from Arasaka. With it, the
technology becomes viable. Without it, merely theoretical."

"And why would I help you complete technology designed to digitize human
consciousness against their will? Technology I was selected to test?"

Another pause, longer this time. "Because unlike Kang Tao, I'm offering you a
choice. Your participation in exchange for something you desperately want:
freedom from corporate interest. Permanently."

"Explain."

"The component I seek contains the core stabilization protocols for neural
transfer—the algorithms that allow a digitized consciousness to retain cohesion
indefinitely. It also contains the identity markers for all subjects with
compatible neural architecture."

I began to understand. "Including me."

"Precisely. With those markers, I can alter the records—remove your
compatibility designation from all corporate databases. You become worthless to
their research. Just another netrunner, unremarkable on a neural level."

It was a tempting offer—perhaps too tempting. "And I'm supposed to trust that
you'll follow through? After you orchestrated my firing and planned my
abduction?"

"Business decisions, Ms. Johnson. Nothing personal." Her tone was
matter-of-fact, unapologetic. "And yes, you should trust me, because our
interests align. I need the stabilization protocols. You need to disappear from
corporate interest. One transaction, mutual benefit."

"And the sixteen netrunners who died after working with you? Was that 'mutual
benefit' too?"

This time the pause extended so long I thought she might have disconnected. When
she finally responded, her voice had hardened.

"Harlan Cross has been busy, I see. Did he also mention that those netrunners
were terminally ill from neural degradation caused by Arasaka's experimental
implants? That they agreed to participate knowing the risks? That their deaths,
while regrettable, provided critical data that will save countless lives once
the technology is perfected?"

"Convenient explanation," I countered, though doubt had crept into my certainty.
Cross had evidence of the deaths but not necessarily their context. Corporate
operatives were expert manipulators—both Cross and Weiss could be lying, or both
telling partial truths.

"Check their medical records," Weiss suggested, as if reading my thoughts.
"Cross provided their names, I assume. Verify their conditions before
participation. Unlike Arasaka and Kang Tao, I have nothing to hide regarding
their involvement."

It was a reasonable suggestion and one I'd already intended to pursue. Medical
records were difficult but not impossible to access with the right approach.

"Even if I believed you," I said, "there's still the question of what happens
after I help you access this component. I become another loose end to
eliminate."

"Ms. Johnson, if I wanted you eliminated, you wouldn't have survived your visit
to Hyatt Plaza." Her tone softened marginally. "I'm offering you a way out of
this situation—a clean break from corporate interest. Consider your alternatives
carefully before refusing."

She had a point. My options were limited: continue running (exhausting and
ultimately futile), make a deal with Cross (trading one corporate master for
another), or accept Weiss's offer (risky but potentially permanent freedom).

"I need time to consider," I said finally. "And verification about those
netrunners."

"Understandable. You have twenty-four hours." She provided a secure contact
protocol, then added, "One final piece of information you should consider:
Militech hasn't abandoned their interest in your apartment. They're monitoring
it remotely, waiting for your return. Whatever you left behind remains under
their surveillance."

I thought of what remaining possessions I'd abandoned in my hasty escape.
Nothing irreplaceable now that I had Pixel with me, but the invasion of what had
been my home—temporary as it was—still rankled.

"Why tell me this?" I asked, suspicion overriding concern momentarily.

"As I said, I want your willing participation. Consider it a gesture of good
faith." The connection terminated before I could respond.

I sat motionless for several minutes, processing the conversation and its
implications. Weiss had offered a compelling arrangement—access to the
stabilization protocols in exchange for removing my neural compatibility markers
from corporate databases. If she was telling the truth, it would solve my most
immediate problem: the corporate interest in my specific neural architecture.

But the timing remained suspicious. Why now, after a year of no contact? What
had changed to make the stabilization protocols suddenly accessible or valuable?
And could I trust someone who had already proven willing to sacrifice me once
for "business reasons"?

The park had gradually emptied as evening approached, the families and elderly
patrons returning to their homes before Night City's more dangerous elements
emerged. I needed to move as well—staying in one location too long was
tactically unsound.

I rose and left the garden, merging with the flow of pedestrians on the main
thoroughfare before ducking into a side street that would take me toward the
border between Kabuki and the northern edge of Watson District. My neural link
vibrated again as I walked—another incoming call, different encryption
signature.

"Yes?" I answered cautiously.

"The Fractured Glass. One hour." Zoe's voice, tense and hurried. "Militech just
hit your apartment again. Full tactical team. They're tearing the place apart
looking for something. Move fast." The connection cut immediately.

My pulse quickened. If Militech had escalated from passive monitoring to active
intervention at my apartment, they might have traced my earlier movements to The
Fractured Glass as well, putting Zoe at risk.

I altered course, heading directly for the safe room where I'd left Pixel hours
earlier. I needed the prototype deck, my limited funds, and whatever other
resources I could gather quickly. And I needed to move my cat to a location with
even less connection to me—Zoe's establishment was becoming too dangerous by
association.

I needed the prototype deck, my limited funds, and whatever other resources I
could gather quickly. And I needed a plan to extract Pixel from my apartment
without walking into a Militech trap or leading them back to Zoe's
establishment.

Night was falling over Night City, the transition from day to evening bringing
the neon signs and holographic advertisements to their full luminous intensity.
The streets took on their nocturnal character—less corporate workers, more
pleasure-seekers and predators. Music spilled from clubs and bars, competing
with the constant drone of vehicle traffic and security announcements.

I reached The Fractured Glass through the same service alley I'd used earlier,
entering via the safe room's private door. The space appeared unchanged—Pixel's
food and water still in place, the bed unmade from my brief rest. The cat lifted
her head from her comfortable spot on the pillow, greeting me with a slow blink.

"Prepared to move?" Zoe's voice came from the doorway behind me. She entered
carrying a small pack, her expression tense.

"What did you find out?" I asked, gathering Pixel into her carrier while the cat
protested with a disgruntled meow.

"Militech hit your apartment twenty minutes ago. Full tac team, military-grade
hardware. They're tearing the place apart looking for something." She handed me
the pack. "I sent someone to watch after your call this morning. They're
scanning for data storage—looking for hidden compartments, secure boxes,
anything that might contain physical media."

Tension tightened my shoulders. "They're escalating. Moving from surveillance to
direct action."

"No shit. And they didn't look like they were planning to ask questions
politely." Zoe moved to the small storage unit where I'd left the prototype deck
and my remaining supplies. "You need to go. Now. They hit your apartment; this
place could be next."

"Did your person see what they were looking for specifically?" I asked, securing
Pixel in her carrier as we spoke.

"Data storage. They kept asking the building manager about hidden compartments,
secure boxes, anything that might contain physical media." Zoe handed me the
deck case and a small pack containing the essentials I'd left behind. "Sound
familiar?"

"Unfortunately, yes." The data shard. They thought I still had it—or worse, that
I had copied its contents to local storage in my apartment. "Thank you for the
warning. And for saving Pixel."

Zoe nodded briskly, her enhanced eyes scanning my face with unusual intensity.
"There's a service tunnel that runs beneath the building, connects to the
maintenance corridors under this section of Watson. Not on any current city
maps. It'll get you clear without street exposure."

She provided quick directions, then added, "Don't come back here, Scarth.
Whatever you're involved in… it's beyond what I can protect you from."

The words stung despite their pragmatic truth. The Fractured Glass had been one
of my few safe havens in Night City, and Zoe one of my few trusted contacts. But
she was right—my problems had escalated beyond what a bar owner with side
businesses could reasonably handle, no matter how well-connected.

"I understand," I said, adjusting the pack on my shoulder and securing Pixel in
her carrier. "Take care of yourself, Zoe."

"Always do." She hesitated, then added, "Raven was asking about you. Earlier
today. Seemed concerned, not threatening. Might be worth considering whatever he
was offering before."

I filed this information away alongside my existing suspicions about the
mysterious merc. "Noted. Any message if he returns?"

"Told him nothing. Will continue to do so." Her expression softened
fractionally. "Good luck, Scarth."

I didn't linger for goodbyes or sentiment—neither would improve my tactical
position. Instead, I followed Zoe's directions to the service tunnel, a narrow
passage hidden behind what appeared to be a maintenance panel in the building's
basement. The tunnel itself was cramped and poorly lit, barely tall enough to
stand upright, with pipes and conduits running along its length.

Pixel was remarkably calm in her carrier as we navigated the subterranean route,
her adaptability once again putting my human anxieties to shame. The tunnel
extended for nearly half a kilometer, occasionally branching into smaller
passages or maintenance hubs. The air was damp and carried the distinctive odor
of Night City's infrastructure—a mixture of recycled water, synthetic
lubricants, and the indefinable scent of too many people living in too small a
space.

I emerged eventually through a utility access in what appeared to be a small
electronics repair shop, long closed for the night. The security was minimal—a
basic door lock that yielded to my decryption tools in seconds. From there, I
slipped into the nighttime crowds of Watson District, another anonymous figure
carrying a pet case and backpack, indistinguishable from thousands of others in
the city's endless flow.

With Militech actively hunting me and potentially tracking my movements, I
needed a new safe location—somewhere unexpected, outside my normal patterns.
Vik's place was too obvious a connection. Any hotel or short-term rental would
require identification that could be tracked.

Which left few options beyond the unthinkable: seeking help from someone I'd
deliberately avoided for the past year.

Dex.

Pixel shifted restlessly in her carrier, probably sensing my discomfort with the
decision. "I know," I murmured to her. "Not ideal, but we're running out of
options."

Despite our complicated history and the lingering distrust from his corporate
espionage, he possessed resources I now desperately needed: secure
accommodation, advanced equipment, and connections throughout Night City's
information networks. Most importantly, he had no known association with my
current activities, making him unlikely to appear on Militech's surveillance
algorithms.

I found a public communication terminal in a busy transit hub, using it to send
a simple message to the contact I still had for him:

TO: BLUEHAND

MESSAGE: "Need crash space. Off-grid. For two. Time-sensitive."

The response came more quickly than I'd expected:

FROM: BLUEHAND

MESSAGE: Coordinates attached. One hour window. Then door closes.

The attached location data pointed to an area in the northern industrial zone—a
district of warehouses and automated manufacturing facilities where human
presence was minimal, especially at night. Perfect for someone wanting to avoid
surveillance.

I boarded an automated taxi, programming a destination three blocks from the
actual coordinates and keeping watch for any signs of pursuit throughout the
journey. Night City blurred past the windows, its endless vertical sprawl of
neon and concrete creating a distinctive urban fingerprint unlike any other city
on earth. The taxi traveled north, leaving the relative density of Watson for
the more spread-out industrial zone where corporate facilities dominated the
landscape.

We passed massive manufacturing complexes, their production lines visible
through enormous windows designed to showcase their automation technology.
Delivery drones buzzed overhead in precise formations, carrying components
between facilities. Security vehicles patrolled regular routes, their
distinctive lighting patterns creating streams of color against the darkness.

The taxi deposited me at the programmed location—a public charging station
serving the industrial zone's autonomous vehicles. From there, I proceeded on
foot, Pixel's carrier growing heavier with each block. The area was eerily quiet
compared to the residential districts, the primary sounds being the distant hum
of industrial equipment and the occasional security announcement echoing between
buildings.

Dex's coordinates led to what appeared to be an abandoned processing facility,
its exterior showing signs of fire damage from years earlier. The main entrance
was sealed with industrial barricades, but a smaller access door on the eastern
side showed subtle signs of recent use—the dust pattern around the frame
disturbed, the security seal professionally bypassed.

I approached cautiously, scanning for surveillance devices before pressing my
palm against the unmarked panel beside the door. A soft hum indicated biometric
scanning in progress. Seconds later, the door slid open silently, revealing a
dimly lit corridor beyond.

"Cutting it close," Dex's voice echoed from somewhere ahead. "Forty-three
minutes remaining in your window."

I entered, the door sealing behind me with a pneumatic hiss. The corridor opened
into a surprisingly well-appointed space—what had once been the facility's
administrative section, now converted into a netrunner's haven. Multiple screens
displayed various data feeds, security cameras monitored the building's
perimeter, and several high-end cyberdecks were arranged on workstations around
the central area.

Dex himself sat at the primary terminal, his artificial eye glowing blue in the
dim lighting. He looked much as he had during our meeting at The Afterlife,
though he'd changed into more casual attire—black synthetic pants and a loose
graphene-weave shirt that probably cost more than most people's monthly rent.

"Interesting companion," he commented, nodding toward Pixel's carrier. "Didn't
take you for a pet person."

"There's a lot you don't know about me," I replied, setting the carrier down and
opening its door to allow Pixel to explore her new surroundings.

"Evidently." His gaze shifted to the pack containing the prototype deck.
"Militech architecture. Risky choice."

Of course he'd recognize it even in its case. Dex had always possessed an
uncanny ability to identify tech at a glance—one of the traits that had made him
valuable both as a partner and, later, as an adversary.

"It's what was available," I said, not bothering to ask how he knew. "I need
somewhere secure to work. Somewhere off corporate radar."

"And you came to me." A small smile played at the corners of his mouth. "Despite
our… complicated history."

"You're not connected to my current situation. Makes you invisible to the
algorithms tracking my known associates."

"Practical as always." He gestured toward a side room. "Secure space through
there. Shielded from external scanning, isolated system access, living quarters
attached. The building's security is top-tier—motion sensors, thermal imaging,
drone surveillance."

I glanced around the facility, impressed despite myself. "Upgrade from your last
setup."

"NetWatch pays well for quality information." He said it casually, confirming
what I'd suspected during our relationship—his corporate espionage had indeed
been for the international agency tasked with policing the Net.

"Is that who you're still working for?" I asked, maintaining a neutral tone.

"Among others. Information brokerage is all about diversification." He rose from
his terminal, approaching but maintaining a respectful distance. "The question
is, who are you working for? Or running from?"

"That's complicated."

"It always is in Night City." He studied me for a moment, his natural and
artificial eyes focusing with slightly different intensities. "But Militech
architecture suggests certain possibilities. As does your sudden need for
off-grid accommodation."

I know." I weighed how much to reveal. Dex was neutral territory in my current
scenario—not aligned with any of the three factions pursuing me, but possessing
connections to NetWatch that complicated matters. The agency would certainly be
interested in consciousness transfer technology, particularly if it involved
manipulation of the Blackwall.

"Militech, Kang Tao, and Arasaka are all hunting me," I said finally, deciding
that limited truth served me better than evasion. "They believe I have
information about a technology called Mikoshi—or its derivative, Blacksun."

His artificial eye whirred as it adjusted focus, a tell he'd never been able to
fully suppress when genuinely surprised. "Soul-killer tech. Digitized
consciousness. That's… ambitious prey, even for you."

"I didn't choose it. It chose me." I moved to one of the empty workstations,
setting down my pack. "Apparently my neural architecture makes me valuable to
their research. Valuable enough to abduct, or kill if they can't acquire me."

"And you need somewhere to disappear while you figure out your next move," Dex
concluded. "Or somewhere to prepare a counterstrike."

"Something like that."

He considered me for a long moment, his expression unreadable. Finally, he
nodded once. "The secure room is yours for three days. No questions, no
monitoring, complete isolation if you want it. After that, we renegotiate."

"Why help me?" I had to ask, even though the answer hardly mattered. "NetWatch
would pay handsomely for information about Mikoshi."

"True. But they'd pay even more for actionable intelligence about how three
major corporations are implementing it." A ghost of a smile touched his lips.
"Besides, I still owe you for Kang Tao."

It was as close to an apology as I was likely to get for his betrayal during our
relationship. Not that it mattered now—ancient history compared to my current
problems.

"Three days," I agreed. "I'll need secure network access, isolated from any
external monitoring."

"Already set up in the secure room. Along with basic living necessities." He
gestured toward a physical keycard on the main desk. "Old tech. Can't be hacked
remotely. Only two exist—yours and mine."

I accepted the keycard with a nod of thanks, gathering my pack and Pixel's
carrier. The cat had finished her preliminary exploration of the main area and
returned to my side, apparently satisfied with the security assessment.

"One question before you disappear into your electronic fortress," Dex said as I
prepared to enter the secure room. "The neural architecture they're interested
in—did you know about it before they came after you?"

I paused, the question striking deeper than he likely intended. "No. Never even
thought about it. Just the way my brain is wired, apparently."

"Interesting." His expression turned thoughtful. "Makes you wonder what other
valuable things people carry without realizing it."

With that philosophical observation hanging in the air, he returned to his
workstation, and I proceeded to the secure room with Pixel and my equipment.

The space was impressive—approximately forty square meters, divided into a work
area with high-end technical equipment, a small but comfortable living space,
and a compact bathroom. The walls were lined with signal-blocking material,
creating a Faraday cage that would prevent wireless surveillance or data
extraction. Physical security included a reinforced door with multiple locks,
air-gapped systems with no permanent external connections, and dedicated power
supply separate from the main facility.

In short, it was perfect for my needs—a digital fortress where I could work
without fear of detection or interruption.

I settled Pixel with food and water in the living area before turning my
attention to the technical setup. The workstation was top-of-the-line, with
multiple screens, advanced interface options, and specialized netrunning
equipment including a neural coolant system to prevent overheating during
intensive sessions.

I carefully unpacked the prototype Militech deck, examining it more thoroughly
now that I had appropriate diagnostic tools. Vik had been right about its
origins—the architecture showed clear Militech design philosophy, with
distinctive processing pathways and security protocol structures. But it had
been extensively modified, with custom components replacing approximately 40% of
the original hardware.

These modifications appeared designed to enhance functionality while obscuring
origin—someone had invested considerable time and expertise into creating a
device that could interact with Militech systems while concealing its own
identity. Perfect for infiltration.

I connected the deck to the workstation's diagnostic system, initiating a
comprehensive analysis to identify any hidden tracking software or security
vulnerabilities before proceeding. While the scan ran, I turned my attention to
my most immediate investigative priority: the sixteen netrunners Weiss had
allegedly recruited and disposed of.

Using the secure terminal's isolated research interface, I accessed public
records databases, searching for individuals with profiles matching what Cross
had described—former corporate netrunners who had died under mysterious
circumstances in the past year. The search returned twenty-three potential
matches, which I narrowed by cross-referencing with termination records from
major corporations.

The resulting list contained nineteen names—close enough to Cross's sixteen to
suggest he'd been generally truthful, if not precise in his figures. I selected
the first name on the list—Adrian Chen, former Biotechnica security specialist,
found dead in his apartment from apparent neural feedback approximately nine
months earlier.

Accessing detailed information proved challenging even with the advanced system,
but I managed to piece together enough to form a preliminary profile. Chen had
been fired from Biotechnica following a security breach similar to my own
situation—blamed for a system failure that evidence suggested was not his
responsibility. After termination, he had worked freelance for approximately
three months before his death. Medical records were restricted, but the
coroner's report indicated "catastrophic neural pathway degradation consistent
with malicious feedback loop during netrunning activity."

In other words, someone or something had fried his brain while he was connected
to the Net.

I checked the next name on the list—Sophia Mendez, former Orbital Air network
administrator. Her story followed a disturbingly similar pattern: questionable
termination, freelance work, death by neural trauma within months of leaving
corporate employment.

The pattern held for every name I investigated. All had been terminated under
suspicious circumstances. All had worked freelance afterward. All had died from
neural trauma consistent with aggressive feedback during netrunning activities.
And most significantly, all had died shortly after completing contract work for
an entity identified only as "Blackridge Consulting"—a shell corporation that
preliminary investigation suggested was connected to Diana Weiss.

But contrary to Weiss's claim during our conversation, none of the medical
records I could access showed evidence of terminal illness or neural degradation
prior to their final netrunning sessions. If such conditions existed, they were
either undiagnosed or recorded in files beyond my current access capabilities.

The data supported Cross's version of events more than Weiss's—these netrunners
appeared to have been systematically eliminated rather than lost to pre-existing
conditions. But the question remained: why? What had they accessed that
necessitated their removal?

The diagnostic scan of the prototype deck completed while I was deep in my
investigation, alerting me with a soft chime. The results confirmed my initial
assessment—heavily modified Militech architecture with significant security
enhancements and specialized infiltration capabilities. No active tracking
software detected, though several dormant protocols suggested the deck was
designed to respond to specific Militech security signatures in ways that might
create exploitable connections.

In other words, it was a double-edged sword—powerful against Militech systems
but potentially vulnerable to their highest-level security protocols. I would
need to proceed with caution, using its advantages while remaining alert to its
limitations.

With the deck verified as safe for my immediate purposes, I began setting up a
secure research environment. My primary objective was to gather enough
information about Mikoshi and Blacksun to understand why multiple corporations
were suddenly pursuing me after a year of disinterest. The prototype deck's
Militech architecture provided an unusual opportunity—access to their systems
with reduced risk of immediate detection.

I prepared a basic intrusion plan targeting Militech's research division
archives, specifically searching for any data related to "Blackwall research
division" and "Project Blacksun." The approach would be indirect, accessing
peripheral systems first to establish pattern recognition before attempting to
penetrate more sensitive areas.

As I finalized my preparations, Pixel jumped onto the workstation, her green
eyes studying me with what seemed like concern. I scratched behind her ears,
prompting a contented purr.

"Don't worry," I told her, though the reassurance was perhaps more for myself
than the cat. "Quick in and out. Just information gathering."

I initiated my neural connection to the deck, experiencing the discomfort Vik
had warned about as the unfamiliar architecture established its handshake with
my implants. The sensation was sharp but brief—like plunging into ice water
before acclimating to the temperature.

Once the connection stabilized, I launched my intrusion protocol, closing my
eyes as my consciousness extended beyond the physical space into the digital
architecture of the Net.

The virtual landscape materialized around me—the standardized representation of
Night City's network, with corporate systems appearing as towering fortresses
among smaller data structures representing local businesses, public
infrastructure, and private networks. The Militech complex dominated the
northern section of the virtual skyline, its defenses visualized as crimson
barriers surrounding a massive hexagonal structure.

Rather than approaching directly, I navigated toward a cluster of contractor
systems connected to Militech's outer perimeter—companies that provided services
ranging from cafeteria management to equipment maintenance. These systems
typically had legitimate access to portions of corporate networks while
maintaining weaker security than the main infrastructure.

I selected a mid-sized engineering firm responsible for ventilation system
maintenance in Militech facilities. Their security appeared modest—standard
commercial ICE without the aggressive countermeasures that characterized
corporate systems. Using a basic spoofing protocol, I created a digital disguise
that mimicked authorized maintenance credentials, approaching their firewall
with the patient confidence of someone who belonged there.

The initial authentication proceeded smoothly, the system accepting my
fabricated credentials with minimal verification. Once inside, I navigated
carefully through the firm's network, locating their Militech contract
management subsystem. This provided legitimate pathways into specific areas of
Militech's infrastructure—restricted in scope but sufficient for my purposes.

Using the maintenance firm's access protocols, I established a connection to
Militech's environmental control network—a seemingly mundane system that
nonetheless required significant integration with the corporation's broader
infrastructure. From there, I could observe more sensitive systems without
directly engaging their security.

I spent several minutes mapping data flows, identifying patterns that might
indicate connections to research division networks. The prototype deck's
Militech architecture proved valuable here, its processing structures naturally
aligned with the corporation's internal logic, making pattern recognition more
efficient.

Eventually, I identified a promising pathway—a data stream connecting
environmental systems to a research facility designated "BW-7." The "BW" prefix
matched potential "Blackwall" nomenclature, and the security surrounding this
particular connection was notably higher than others I'd observed.

I crafted a passive monitoring protocol, extracting metadata from the connection
without attempting to breach the actual research systems. This approach yielded
limited but valuable intelligence: timestamps indicating increased activity
within the past two weeks, security protocol designations suggesting connection
to AI research, and most significantly, a project identifier that appeared
repeatedly in the metadata: "BLACKSUN-INTEGRATION."

The corporation was actively working on something related to Blacksun, with
significantly increased activity in the very timeframe that coincided with the
sudden interest in finding me. The connection couldn't be coincidental.

Having gathered this preliminary intelligence without triggering security
responses, I prepared to disengage—but paused when I noticed an unusual data
pattern in the environmental system's diagnostic logs. The temperature
regulation for a specific section of the BW-7 facility showed regular
fluctuations that didn't match normal operations or equipment testing.

Instead, the pattern resembled cooling adjustments for intensive processing
activities—the kind associated with large-scale neural network operations or AI
training protocols. The facility was running something that generated enormous
heat on a regular schedule, approximately every 72 hours.

I recorded this information before beginning my extraction process, carefully
removing any traces of my presence from the maintenance firm's systems. As I
prepared to disconnect from the Militech peripheral networks, an alert flashed
across my virtual vision—an automated security scan initiating in the sector I
currently occupied.

Standard procedure rather than targeted response, but potentially dangerous
nonetheless. I accelerated my withdrawal, removing my digital footprints as I
retreated through the layers of access I'd navigated. The scan moved
methodically through the systems, still several nodes away from my position but
closing the gap.

I completed my extraction moments before the scan would have detected my
presence, severing the connection and returning my consciousness to the physical
world with a controlled neural handshake rather than an emergency disconnect.

Reality reasserted itself around me—the secure room, the humming equipment,
Pixel now curled asleep on the couch in the living area. My neural implants
throbbed slightly from the unfamiliar interface with the prototype deck, but the
discomfort was minimal compared to the backlash I'd experienced during previous
emergency disconnects.

I reviewed the data I'd gathered, organizing it into a coherent assessment:

1. Militech's Blackwall research division (BW-7) was actively working on
   something called "BLACKSUN-INTEGRATION"
2. Activity had increased significantly within the past two weeks
3. The processing patterns suggested intensive AI or neural network operations
   occurring on a 72-hour cycle
4. The project appeared to involve enormous computational resources, based on
   the cooling requirements

Combined with what I'd learned from the data shard about Mikoshi and Blacksun, a
hypothesis emerged: Militech had recently acquired some component of the
consciousness transfer technology—perhaps stolen from Kang Tao, who had
previously stolen it from Arasaka. They were now working to integrate it with
their existing Blackwall research, potentially combining consciousness transfer
capabilities with AI technology.

But this still didn't explain their specific interest in me. Unless…

A disturbing possibility formed in my mind. What if my neural architecture
wasn't just suitable for consciousness transfer as a subject, but somehow
contained information they needed for the integration process itself? What if,
during my time at Kang Tao, they had used my neural patterns as part of their
development work without my knowledge?

It would explain why Diana Weiss had selected me for "involuntary participation"
in the Blacksun protocol, why Militech was now hunting me with increasing
desperation, and why an Arasaka operative was also involved. I wasn't just a
potential test subject—I was a walking data repository, carrying crucial
information in the structure of my brain itself.

The realization sent a chill through me that had nothing to do with the room's
temperature. If true, it meant I couldn't escape corporate interest by simply
hiding or changing identity. The value was in my physical brain, my neural
architecture—something I couldn't change or disguise.

Unless Weiss was telling the truth about her offer to remove my compatibility
markers from corporate databases. If the corporations' interest was based on
specific neural patterns they'd identified and cataloged, theoretically those
designations could be altered or deleted, rendering me invisible to their search
algorithms.

But trusting Weiss meant helping her acquire the stabilization protocols for
consciousness transfer technology—potentially enabling her to perfect a system
designed to digitize human minds against their will. The ethical implications
were staggering, regardless of her claims about saving lives.

I leaned back in the chair, the weight of these realizations settling over me.
The secure room suddenly felt smaller, more confined—not a fortress but a
temporary shelter against forces that would never stop hunting me as long as my
brain contained what they wanted.

My neural link vibrated with an incoming message—text only, no voice or video
connection. The sender was identified only as "R," but the encryption signature
matched what I'd observed during fleeting eye contact at The Fractured Glass.

Raven.

MESSAGE: Militech full tactical team at your apartment. Arasaka operatives
watching Vik's clinic. Kang Tao surveillance drone network activated in Watson
District. Time to choose a side or get crushed between them. Safe meeting
location attached. Tomorrow. Noon. Come alone.

The attached coordinates pointed to a location in Charter Hill—Night City's
affluent district where corporate executives and successful entrepreneurs
maintained residences when not living in company compounds. Neutral territory in
the corporate conflicts, heavily monitored by private security that kept all
factions in check.

I studied the message, considering its implications. Raven had been watching me
for weeks without making contact. Now, with the situation escalating, he was
finally reaching out. The timing suggested he had access to high-level
intelligence about corporate movements—perhaps even inside information.

But whose side was he on? The message implied he represented a fourth faction,
separate from the three corporations currently hunting me. Another player in the
game, with unknown motives and resources.

I didn't respond immediately, filing the information away for consideration
while I continued processing what I'd learned. The pieces were coming together,
forming a clearer picture of my situation—but the path forward remained
treacherous and uncertain.

I checked the time—3:17 AM. I'd been working for nearly six hours straight, the
neural connection and subsequent analysis draining my energy more than I'd
realized. My implants registered increasing stress indicators, suggesting I
needed rest before making any significant decisions.

Reluctantly, I powered down the system and moved to the living area, where a
narrow but comfortable bed offered the promise of temporary escape from the
complexities surrounding me. Pixel raised her head as I approached, watching as
I removed my jacket and boots before stretching out on the mattress.

Within moments, she had repositioned herself against my side, her gentle purring
creating a soothing rhythm that gradually synchronized with my breathing. I
closed my eyes, allowing exhaustion to temporarily override the racing thoughts
and mounting concerns.

Tomorrow would bring new challenges—Weiss expecting my decision, Raven
requesting a meeting, Militech and Arasaka intensifying their search. For now, I
needed to rebuild my mental and physical resources for whatever came next.

As consciousness began to fade, one thought remained clear: whatever choice I
made would reshape not just my future, but potentially the future of
consciousness itself. The technology these corporations sought had implications
far beyond corporate profit margins or military applications—it represented a
fundamental redefinition of what it meant to be human.

And somehow, without ever intending it, I had become central to its development.

Sleep claimed me before I could follow that disturbing thought to its
conclusion, granting a few hours of uneasy rest before the next phase of this
dangerous game began.

I woke to Pixel pawing at my face, her subtle way of suggesting breakfast was
overdue. The secure room's lighting had automatically adjusted to simulate
natural daylight, though no actual sun penetrated the windowless space.
According to my internal chronometer, I'd slept for nearly seven hours—longer
than intended but clearly needed.

After feeding Pixel and taking advantage of the room's compact but
well-appointed bathroom facilities, I returned to the workstation to organize my
thoughts and plan my approach to the day ahead. I had approximately three hours
before Raven's proposed meeting at noon, and decisions to make before then.

The first priority was verifying Raven's information about increased corporate
activity. I accessed the secure terminal's isolated news feeds, scanning for any
reports of unusual security operations in Watson District. Several minor stories
confirmed heightened corporate presence—traffic disruptions attributed to
"security exercises," increased drone activity described as "system testing,"
and a vague report about a "technical issue" at a residential building matching
my apartment's location.

Sanitized public versions of what were likely aggressive search operations
targeting me and anyone connected to me. The corporations were escalating,
becoming less concerned about maintaining secrecy and more focused on rapid
acquisition—of me, or whatever they believed I possessed.

This confirmed the urgency of my situation but didn't clarify the best response.
I had several options, each with significant risks:

1. Accept Diana Weiss's offer: Help her acquire the stabilization protocols in
   exchange for removing my neural compatibility markers from corporate
   databases. High risk of betrayal, ethical concerns about enabling
   consciousness transfer technology, but potentially permanent solution if
   successful.

2. Meet with Raven: Discover what faction he represented and what he was
   offering. Unknown variables, possible trap, but potential for new information
   or resources.

3. Contact Harlan Cross: Accept his offer to help identify what Weiss was
   searching for in exchange for a new identity and corporate credentials.
   Trading one corporate entanglement for another, but with potential protection
   from immediate threats.

4. Independent action: Use the prototype deck to gather more information
   directly from corporate systems, potentially identifying leverage I could use
   to negotiate my own terms. Highest technical risk, but maintaining autonomy.

After careful consideration, I decided on a hybrid approach. I would meet with
Raven to assess his offer and gather additional intelligence, while preparing
for independent action if necessary. This approach kept my options open while
potentially adding resources to my position.

I sent a confirmation message to the contact information Raven had provided:

TO: R

MESSAGE: Coordinates received. Will attend. Noon.

With that decision made, I turned my attention to practical preparations.
Charter Hill's private security would prevent overt corporate action, but I
needed to be ready for more subtle threats. I conducted a comprehensive check of
my equipment—the prototype deck was secure in its case, my Kongou pistol cleaned
and loaded, my neural implants operating at optimal capacity after the night's
rest.

I also prepared a secure data package containing everything I'd learned about
Mikoshi, Blacksun, and the corporations' interest in my neural architecture.
This information was encrypted and stored on a small data shard that I could
conceal easily—insurance in case something went wrong at the meeting.

As I worked, I considered Vik's warning about my neural architecture potentially
influencing my decisions. Was I choosing to meet Raven because it was genuinely
the best tactical option, or because something in my brain's structure
predisposed me toward certain patterns of action? The question was impossible to
answer definitively, which made it all the more unsettling.

At 11:15 AM, I was ready to depart. I secured Pixel in the living area with
ample food and water, packed my essential equipment, and prepared to leave the
secure room. Before exiting, I activated several security protocols that would
alert me to any unauthorized access attempts during my absence.

Dex was at his main workstation when I emerged, his attention focused on
multiple data feeds displaying information too rapidly for non-augmented
perception to process. He glanced up as I approached, his artificial eye
adjusting focus with a faint whir. His gaze lingered a half-second longer than
necessary, taking in the changes since we'd last been together. I was used to
the assessment, though coming from him it carried the weight of our shared
history.

"Found what you needed?" he asked, not pausing in his work.

"Some of it," I replied noncommittally. "I need to go out for a few hours. The
room's secure, cat's inside."

"Meeting with Raven?" he asked casually.

I couldn't hide my surprise. "How did you—"

"Information broker, remember?" A thin smile crossed his face. "His message came
through secured channels, but the destination signature was visible to those who
know where to look. Charter Hill is an interesting choice. Neutral ground."

I reassessed my position rapidly. If Dex knew about the meeting, others might as
well. "Is the location compromised?"

"Not from my end," he assured me. "And Charter Hill security is legitimate—even
corporations respect their boundaries to avoid conflicts in executive territory.
But assume you're being observed from the moment you leave this building."

"Always do." I hesitated, then asked, "Any information on Raven you'd care to
share? Professional courtesy?"

Dex's hands paused briefly over his interface. "Former military. Special
operations, based on his implant signatures. No current corporate affiliation on
record, which is unusual for someone with his hardware. Started appearing in
Night City approximately three months ago, mainly executive protection contracts
and specialized extraction operations."

"Extraction meaning…?"

"People, data, technology—removing valuable assets from hostile environments."
He resumed his rapid interaction with the data feeds. "Success rate
significantly above average. No known affiliations with fixers or established
mercenary groups. Operates independently."

The information was useful but raised as many questions as it answered. Someone
with Raven's skills and equipment would typically have clear corporate
connections or a high-profile reputation in Night City's mercenary circles. His
apparent independence suggested either extraordinary resources or hidden
backing.

"Thanks for the info," I said, moving toward the exit. "And for the secure
space."

"One more thing," Dex called as I reached the door. "There's been chatter about
a major operation at Militech's research division. Something significant enough
that they've recalled specialized personnel from field assignments. Timeline
matches your situation."

"BW-7 facility?" I asked, testing his information.

His eyebrow raised slightly. "You've been busy. Yes, that's the one. Whatever
they're working on there, it's reaching some kind of critical phase. Just
thought you should know."

I nodded my thanks and left, processing this new information as I navigated the
abandoned facility's corridors toward the exit. Militech's accelerated timeline
added pressure to my situation—whatever they were developing at the BW-7
facility was approaching completion, which likely explained their increasingly
aggressive efforts to find me.

Outside, the industrial zone was more active during daylight hours, with
autonomous vehicles and the occasional human worker moving between facilities. I
kept to service paths and maintenance routes, avoiding the main thoroughfares
where surveillance would be most concentrated.

The journey to Charter Hill required multiple transitions—first an automated
freight tram that serviced the industrial zone, then a brief segment on foot
through a commercial district, and finally a public transit line that would take
me to the affluent neighborhood's perimeter.

Throughout the journey, I maintained constant awareness of my surroundings,
watching for surveillance or pursuit. I detected nothing obvious, but in Night
City, the most dangerous observation was often invisible until too late.

Charter Hill gradually appeared through the smog as the public transit vehicle
ascended one of Night City's many elevated roadways. The district stood in stark
contrast to the industrial and commercial zones I'd traversed—clean streets,
architectural coherence, actual vegetation in carefully maintained green spaces.
Corporate wealth created its own environment, isolated from the chaos that
characterized most of the city.

I disembarked at a transit hub on the district's edge, where automated security
systems scanned all arrivals for weapons and unauthorized technology. My Kongou
pistol would register, but I had the necessary permits—one of the few legitimate
documents I'd maintained since leaving Kang Tao. The prototype deck would raise
flags if scanned directly, but its case contained shielding specifically
designed to defeat such systems.

The security scan completed without incident, the system registering my weapon
but verifying my permit without human intervention. Charter Hill operated on a
different paradigm than the rest of Night City—visitors were permitted their
personal protection, but any offensive action would trigger an overwhelming
security response. The corporations might be in constant conflict elsewhere, but
here, where their executives lived, they maintained a delicate truce enforced by
mutually assured destruction.

I proceeded into the district, following the coordinates Raven had provided. The
location turned out to be a small park situated between several executive
residential towers—an open space with carefully manicured synthetic grass,
decorative trees with pollution filtration systems built into their engineered
DNA, and discreet security sensors embedded throughout the landscape.

The central feature was a modular sculpture that reconfigured itself hourly, the
components suspended in a programmable electromagnetic field that allowed for
endless variations. Currently, it resembled something between a helix and a
wave, the metallic elements catching the midday sunlight.

Raven was already there, seated on a bench near the sculpture, his posture
relaxed but alert. His right arm—the military-grade prosthetic I'd noted during
our previous encounters—rested casually on the bench's back, though I suspected
it could transition to combat functionality in milliseconds if necessary.

He wore civilian clothing—quality synthleather jacket, urban tactical pants, and
boots that combined style with obvious functionality. Nothing that would attract
attention in Charter Hill, where even the wealthy often maintained practical
wardrobes suited to Night City's unpredictable environment.

I approached directly, seeing no advantage in subterfuge. His eyes tracked my
movement, his expression revealing nothing as I took a seat on the bench beside
him, maintaining comfortable distance.

"No cat today?" he asked, his voice deeper than I'd expected, with a subtle
accent I couldn't immediately place. Caribbean or perhaps West African, modified
by years of global travel.

"Cats don't enjoy corporate territory," I replied evenly. "Too sterile."

A brief smile crossed his face. "Smart animals. Better instincts than most
humans." He gestured subtly toward the sculpture. "We're in a privacy field.
Short-range sonic disruptors and electromagnetic interference generators built
into the artwork. Expensive setup."

"Whose expense?" I asked directly. "You've been watching me for weeks. Time to
know who you're representing."

He studied me for a moment before responding. "I represent myself. And a group
with significant interest in the technology currently being developed by
Militech, Kang Tao, and Arasaka. Specifically, the consciousness transfer
protocols derived from the Mikoshi framework."

My pulse quickened, though I kept my expression neutral. "You know about
Mikoshi."

"More than most." His artificial hand flexed slightly, the advanced servos
making no sound despite the complex movement. "My group has been monitoring its
development for years. Recent advancements—particularly Kang Tao's theft of core
components and Militech's subsequent acquisition of their research—have
accelerated our timeline."

"What group?" I pressed. "Corporate? Military? Independent?"

"We call ourselves Ascendant. Former corporate researchers, military
specialists, and netrunners who understand the implications of this technology.
We've operated in the shadows for nearly a decade, working to ensure that
consciousness transfer doesn't become merely another corporate tool for
exploitation."

It sounded almost idealistic—unusual in Night City's cynical landscape. "And
what do you want with me?"

"Your neural architecture," he said bluntly. "Or more specifically, the unique
patterns that make you exceptionally compatible with the transfer protocols. We
believe you're one of approximately fifty individuals globally with this
specific neural structure—a structure that could be key to ensuring the
technology serves humanity rather than enslaving it."

"Weiss offered to remove my neural markers from corporate databases," I
countered. "Make me worthless to their research."

Raven shook his head slightly. "A temporary solution at best. Your neural
pattern is distinctive enough that any deep scan would identify it regardless of
database records. And Weiss has no intention of letting you walk away—you're too
valuable as both research subject and potential leverage against the
corporations."

"You expect me to trust your assessment over hers?"

"I expect you to verify everything independently," he replied. "Including what
I'm about to share."

He reached slowly into his jacket, removing a small data drive with
military-grade encryption visible in its construction. "This contains everything
we know about Mikoshi, Blacksun, and the corporations' current research. Most
importantly, it includes information about what makes your neural architecture
valuable and how it's being utilized without your knowledge."

I made no move to take the drive. "And in exchange?"

"Come with me to meet the rest of Ascendant. Learn our objectives. If you decide
we're not worth supporting, you walk away with the data and whatever conclusions
you draw from it. If you choose to help us, we offer protection, resources, and
the chance to shape how this technology develops."

"That simple?" I asked skeptically.

"Nothing about this is simple," he acknowledged. "But our offer is genuine.
We're not interested in coercion—it's counterproductive with someone of your
skills and… determination."

The qualifier suggested he knew more about my history than he'd revealed. "How
long have you been watching me?"

"Since you left Kang Tao," he admitted. "Initially as part of monitoring their
consciousness transfer research. More directly in recent weeks, as corporate
interest in you intensified."

"A year," I said flatly. "You've been tracking me for a year without making
contact."

"We intervene only when necessary. Your situation became necessary three weeks
ago, when Militech acquired data from Kang Tao that identified your neural
pattern as central to stabilizing the transfer process."

This was new information—specific details about why I was suddenly valuable
again. "Explain," I demanded.

"The consciousness transfer technology requires a specific neural framework to
maintain stability during the transfer process and subsequent digital existence.
Think of it as a foundation pattern—a baseline cognitive architecture that
prevents digital personalities from degrading over time." Raven's expression
turned grim. "Your neural pattern is exceptionally suitable as this foundation.
In practical terms, they want to use your brain structure as the template for
housing other consciousnesses."

The implications were staggering—and disturbing. "They want to copy my neural
architecture to create stable environments for digitized minds?"

"Precisely. And they don't need your consent or even your presence to do it,
just comprehensive scans of your neural pathways—scans they've been attempting
to obtain through various means since identifying your potential."

It explained why Militech had stolen my cyberdeck rather than destroying it—they
were hoping to extract neural pattern data from its usage history. It explained
why Diana Weiss was suddenly interested in recruiting me after a year of
silence—she needed access to the same neural data to complete her version of the
technology.

"Your group—Ascendant—what's your interest in my neural pattern?" I asked, the
obvious question hanging between us.

"The same as theirs, with one critical difference," Raven replied honestly. "We
believe the template used for consciousness transfer should be a matter of
informed choice, not corporate exploitation. We want to work with you, not
extract from you."

"For what purpose? What does Ascendant plan to do with this technology?"

"Democratize it." His answer was immediate and appeared genuine. "Ensure it's
not controlled exclusively by corporations who would use it to extend their
power or by governments who would weaponize it. Consciousness transfer could be
humanity's next evolutionary step or its ultimate imprisonment. The difference
depends on who controls the technology and how it's implemented."

It sounded almost naive—idealistic in a way Night City typically destroyed. But
something in Raven's expression suggested conviction rather than manipulation.

"The corporations won't simply allow competition in this field," I pointed out.
"They've killed for less significant technologies."

"We're aware of the risks," he acknowledged. "That's why we've operated in
shadows, gathering resources and building infrastructure beyond corporate reach.
But the timeline has accelerated. Militech's Blacksun integration project is
nearing completion—once operational, it will give them unprecedented capability
to capture and control digital consciousness."

"BW-7 facility," I murmured.

Raven nodded, unsurprised by my knowledge. "Their Blackwall research division.
They're attempting to combine consciousness transfer with AI technology—creating
hybrid systems that merge human neural patterns with artificial intelligence
frameworks. The implications extend beyond corporate competition into
existential risk territory."

The pieces were falling into place—Militech's accelerated timeline, the intense
heat signatures I'd detected during my infiltration, the 72-hour processing
cycle. They were running integration tests, preparing for full implementation of
a technology that could fundamentally redefine consciousness itself.

"Why should I trust Ascendant?" I asked, the core question that would determine
my next steps. "Every faction in this situation has presented compelling
arguments with incomplete information. What makes your group different?"

"Verification," Raven replied, finally extending the data drive toward me.
"Everything I've told you is documented there, including Ascendant's full
membership, resources, and objectives. We're not asking for trust without
evidence."

I hesitated, then accepted the drive, securing it in an inner pocket. "I'll
review it."

"That's all we ask for now." He stood, signaling the conversation's conclusion.
"The drive includes secure contact protocols when you're ready to discuss your
decision. We recommend making that decision quickly—Militech's integration
project enters final phase in approximately 36 hours."

"How do you know that timeline?"

A ghost of a smile crossed his face. "We have resources within their
organization. Limited but well-positioned."

With that, he turned to leave, but paused after a few steps. "One more thing,
Ms. Johnson. Diana Weiss contacted you about meeting within the next 24 hours.
Whatever she offers, verify independently before agreeing to anything. Her
previous test subjects didn't survive their collaboration."

Before I could ask how he knew about my communication with Weiss, he continued
walking, disappearing around the sculpture and leaving me alone on the bench.

I remained seated for several minutes, processing the conversation and its
implications. Raven and his Ascendant group represented a new faction in an
already complex situation—potentially allies, potentially another threat. The
data drive in my pocket might clarify their true nature, or it might contain
more sophisticated manipulation.

One thing was increasingly clear: time was running out. If Militech's Blacksun
integration project was nearing completion, decisions had to be made quickly.
Corporate technology development, once reaching implementation phase, moved with
ruthless efficiency regardless of ethical considerations or potential
consequences.

I left the park, maintaining situational awareness as I retraced my route back
toward the industrial zone and Dex's secure facility. Charter Hill's pristine
environment gradually gave way to the commercial districts and eventually the
industrial infrastructure that dominated the northern edge of Night City.

Throughout the journey, I detected no obvious surveillance or pursuit, though
that meant little given the corporations' resources. Direct observation was
unnecessary when so much of the city's infrastructure contained monitoring
systems, data collection points, and automated security.

I arrived back at the abandoned processing facility shortly after 2 PM, using
the biometric scanner to gain entry. The main work area was empty, Dex
presumably occupied elsewhere in the sprawling building. I proceeded directly to
the secure room, relieved to find my security protocols undisturbed and Pixel
contentedly sleeping on the couch.

After securing the door behind me, I removed the data drive Raven had provided,
examining it carefully before connecting it to the isolated system. The drive's
construction was impressive—military-grade encryption, physical tamper
protection, and isolation circuitry to prevent unauthorized data transmission.

I prepared a secure virtual environment before connecting the drive, ensuring
any potential malware would be contained. The system hummed as it processed the
heavily encrypted data, multiple authentication layers requiring careful
navigation before the contents became accessible.

What I found exceeded my expectations—comprehensive documentation of Mikoshi's
development history, technical specifications for both Arasaka's original
implementation and Kang Tao's stolen derivative, and detailed analysis of
Militech's current integration project combining consciousness transfer with AI
technology.

But most importantly, the drive contained specifics about neural architecture
compatibility—including complete neural scans of my own brain from my time at
Kang Tao, tagged with annotations about my exceptional suitability as a template
for consciousness transfer stability.

They had been mapping my neural pathways throughout my employment, without my
knowledge or consent. Every neural interface, every netrunning session, every
routine scan—all secretly collecting data about my brain's unique structures and
patterns.

The documentation from Ascendant included analysis suggesting why my neural
architecture was particularly valuable: abnormally stable pattern recognition
frameworks, exceptional multithreading capacity, and unusually resilient
cognitive protection against data overload. Characteristics that made me an
exceptional netrunner also made my neural structure ideal as a foundation for
digital consciousness.

Deeper in the files, I found records of the sixteen netrunners Cross had
mentioned—complete histories confirming they had indeed been recruited by Diana
Weiss after corporate termination, used for specific operations related to
consciousness transfer technology, and subsequently died from neural trauma.

But most disturbing were the technical logs indicating their deaths weren't
merely convenient eliminations of witnesses. Their neural data had been
systematically harvested during their final netrunning sessions, their unique
cognitive patterns extracted and integrated into the emerging Blacksun
framework.

They hadn't just been killed; they'd been harvested.

And according to Ascendant's intelligence, I was next on Weiss's list—not for
immediate harvesting, but for accessing the stabilization protocols stored in a
secure Arasaka subnet. Once that access was complete, my neural architecture
would be extracted and integrated into her version of the technology, my
physical form discarded as unnecessary.

The information aligned with what I'd pieced together independently, adding
crucial details and technical validation. If accurate, it confirmed the extreme
danger of my situation from all sides—Weiss intended to use and discard me,
Militech wanted to capture and extract my neural patterns, and Arasaka likely
wanted to eliminate me to prevent further advancement of stolen technology.

Ascendant's own objectives appeared genuinely focused on democratizing the
technology—establishing open protocols, transparent development, and ethical
frameworks for implementation. Their membership included former corporate
researchers who had left (or been pushed out) after raising ethical concerns
about consciousness transfer applications.

But noble intentions didn't guarantee practical success against corporate power,
especially with technology of this significance. The question remained whether
Ascendant had the resources and strategic capability to actually achieve their
stated goals.

I continued exploring the data, discovering a secure communication protocol
embedded in the drive—a method to contact Raven and, presumably, the wider
Ascendant network. The protocol included coordinates for a physical meeting
location if I chose to pursue alliance with their group.

Hours passed as I analyzed the information, comparing it with what I'd learned
from other sources and my own investigations. By the time I looked up from the
workstation, evening had settled over Night City, the secure room's lighting
automatically adjusting to the artificial chronology.

Pixel had awakened and now sat watching me from the edge of the desk, her green
eyes reflecting the screen's glow. I scratched behind her ears absently, my mind
processing the implications of everything I'd discovered.

The corporations were racing toward a technological breakthrough that could
fundamentally alter human existence—digitized consciousness, transferable
between systems, potentially immortal but subject to whoever controlled the
underlying architecture. My neural patterns, harvested without my knowledge
during my corporate employment, were apparently central to stabilizing this
process.

Diana Weiss wanted me to help her access the final component needed to perfect
the technology, after which I would become expendable. Militech was accelerating
their own implementation, combining consciousness transfer with AI systems in
ways that created unknown but potentially catastrophic risks. Harlan Cross and
Arasaka had their own agenda, likely focused on reclaiming stolen technology and
eliminating those with knowledge of it.

And now Ascendant offered a fourth path—alliance with their organization to
democratize the technology rather than allowing corporate control. Their
evidence was compelling, their objectives aligned with ethical implementation,
but their capabilities against corporate power remained uncertain.

I faced a decision point with implications extending far beyond my personal
survival. Whatever choice I made would influence not just my future but
potentially the future of human consciousness itself.

As I contemplated my options, my neural link vibrated with an incoming
message—text only, from Diana Weiss, using the secure protocol she'd established
during our previous communication:

FROM: WEISS

MESSAGE: Time is short. Militech integration project reaches final phase in less
than 36 hours. Decision required. Meet tonight, 10 PM, coordinates attached.

The timeframe matched Raven's information exactly, suggesting both were working
from accurate intelligence about Militech's operations. The attached coordinates
indicated a location in Japantown—neutral territory not directly associated with
any major corporate faction.

I didn't respond immediately, weighing the value of meeting Weiss against the
risks involved. According to Ascendant's data, her previous collaborators had
all been harvested for their neural patterns after completing their assigned
tasks. But she also potentially offered the most direct solution to my immediate
problem: removal of my neural compatibility markers from corporate databases.

If I could verify her offer without committing to her agenda, the meeting might
be worth the risk. But verification would require resources I currently
lacked—direct access to corporate systems beyond what I'd achieved in my
preliminary infiltration of Militech's periphery.

I checked the time—7:23 PM. Less than three hours until Weiss's proposed
meeting, and less than 36 hours until Militech's project reached what both she
and Ascendant identified as a critical phase. Decisions needed to be made
quickly, with incomplete information and uncertain outcomes.

The weight of choice pressed down on me as I stared at the message on my neural
display. Each option represented a different vision of the future—corporate
control, independent operation, or alliance with Ascendant's idealistic mission.
And each carried its own unique dangers, from immediate physical threat to
longer-term ethical compromises.

For a moment, I envied Pixel's uncomplicated existence—her world defined by
immediate needs and simple pleasures, untouched by the complexities of human
ambition and corporate power. But that simplicity wasn't available to me, not
with the knowledge I now possessed and the choices I faced.

I disengaged from the workstation, moving to the living area to clear my
thoughts. The walls of the secure room, once reassuring in their protection, now
felt constricting—a physical reminder of the diminishing space for maneuver in
my situation.

As I paced the limited confines, a realization gradually crystallized in my
mind: regardless of which faction, if any, deserved trust or alliance, my
immediate priority had to be direct verification of the claims they'd all made.
And that required access to information none of them would willingly provide.

I needed to see for myself what Militech was developing at their BW-7
facility—the Blacksun integration project approaching its final phase. I needed
to understand precisely what made my neural architecture valuable to their
implementation, beyond the explanations provided by interested parties.

In short, I needed to infiltrate Militech's most secure research division and
access their core project data directly. An operation of exceptional risk, but
potentially the only path to independent verification and informed
decision-making.

The prototype deck's Militech architecture would provide advantages in such an
infiltration, potentially allowing deeper access than standard equipment. But it
would also create unique vulnerabilities if detected, potentially exposing me to
targeted countermeasures designed specifically for Militech systems.

I returned to the workstation, downloading everything from Ascendant's data
drive to the secure system for preservation before beginning preliminary
planning for what would likely be the most dangerous netrunning operation of my
life—direct infiltration of Militech's Blackwall research division.

As night settled fully over Night City, bathing its endless vertical sprawl in
neon and shadow, I committed myself to this course of action. I would meet with
Diana Weiss at 10 PM, gathering whatever additional information she provided
without committing to her agenda. Then I would use the prototype deck to pierce
Militech's defenses, seeking the truth about Blacksun integration and my place
within it.

The corporations had used me without consent, mapped my neural pathways without
permission, and now hunted me for resources I hadn't chosen to provide. It was
time to reclaim control of my information, my neural architecture, and my
future—whatever that future might hold.

With renewed purpose, I began preparing for the night ahead, knowing that each
step would bring me closer to answers, to danger, and potentially to a
transformation that extended far beyond my own existence.
