## CHAPTER 2: NEW PLAYER

I don't delete anonymous messages.

I save them, analyze them, and occasionally—against my better judgment—act on
them. That's why I'm standing outside Circuit Couture three days after the
Meridian job, the cryptic message turning over in my mind: an image of a
fractured glass, a time stamp, and a name – "Marcus."

Lin Chen's shop occupies a narrow space between a synthetic food dispensary and
a modification clinic of questionable repute. Unlike its neighbors, Circuit
Couture doesn't advertise with garish holograms or pulsing neon. Just a simple
illuminated logo and a display window featuring a single outfit on a minimalist
mannequin. Today it's a deep crimson bodysuit with subtle armor weave and
thermally adaptive properties. The craftsmanship is exquisite.

I hesitate before entering, watching my reflection in the darkened glass. The
asymmetrical cut of my pink-ash hair needs attention, and the circles under my
eyes betray how little I've slept since the job. Not my most impressive
appearance, but Lin has seen me in worse states.

The door recognizes my biometric signature and slides open with a soft chime.
Inside, the space is deliberately understated—soft ambient lighting, neutral
walls, and clothing displayed like art pieces rather than merchandise. The air
carries a hint of Lin's signature sandalwood incense.

"Scarth!" Lin emerges from the back room, her face lighting up. "I was just
thinking about you."

"Dangerous pastime," I reply with a half-smile.

Lin Chen had been an up-and-coming designer at HX before walking away from
corporate life. Unlike me, she'd left on her own terms. Now she creates custom
clothing for those who need both style and functionality—people like me who live
in the dangerous middle ground between corporate and street.

"I have something for you," she says, beckoning me toward the back. "Just came
in yesterday. Made me think of your eyes."

"I'm just browsing today, Lin."

She waves away my protest. "No obligation. But you should see it."

I follow her past the small fitting rooms to her workshop, where bolts of
specialized fabrics line the walls—everything from bullet-resistant weaves to
thermally adaptive materials to fabrics that can change color or pattern on
command. A half-completed jacket sits on her workbench, its inner lining showing
complex circuitry that will probably do something illegal but useful.

Lin retrieves a garment bag from a locked cabinet and lays it reverently on the
clean workbench. She unzips it to reveal a deep navy blue dress with subtle gold
accents that would indeed complement the golden circuitry patterns of my optical
enhancements when active.

"Reactive silk with an underlayer of micro-armor mesh," she explains, running
her fingers along the material. "Looks like a standard evening dress, but it'll
stop a knife and distribute the impact of a standard projectile."

I touch the fabric. It feels like ordinary silk but responds to my body heat by
subtly tightening its weave. "Event wear?"

"For someone who might need to attend higher-profile gatherings," Lin says
casually. "Someone moving up in the world."

I narrow my eyes. "What have you heard?"

Lin shrugs, but her expression is knowing. "People talk. Word is you pulled off
something impressive at Meridian three nights ago. Clean work."

"Nothing special," I mutter, though I'm mentally cataloging who might have been
talking. Information flows too freely in this city.

"The dress is yours if you want it. Consider it an investment in your future."

I step back from the temptation. "I can't afford this right now."

"I didn't mention payment." Lin's smile is enigmatic. "Like I said—an
investment."

This kind of generosity makes me uncomfortable. In N'Kyoto, nothing comes
without obligation. "What do you want in return?"

"Nothing now. Maybe a favor someday. Maybe just the satisfaction of seeing my
work on someone who can do it justice." She refolds the dress with practiced
precision. "Think about it. It'll be here when you need it."

When, not if. Lin knows something.

"Have you ever heard of someone named Marcus?" I ask, trying to sound casual.

Lin's hands pause momentarily before continuing their folding. "Marcus Wen?"

"Just Marcus. No last name given."

She zips the garment bag and turns to face me directly. "Marcus Wen is a fixer.
High-end. Doesn't typically work with... mid-tier operators."

I should be offended, but it's an accurate assessment of my current position.
"What's his reputation?"

"Impeccable. Pays well. Very selective." She studies me with new interest. "Has
he approached you?"

"Not exactly."

Lin steps closer, lowering her voice though we're alone. "If Marcus Wen is
interested in you, Scarth, that's significant. He doesn't waste time on ordinary
talent."

"I'm not looking to complicate my life," I say, but the words sound hollow even
to me.

Lin laughs softly. "You're too good for the jobs you've been taking. Everyone
knows it. Maybe Marcus Wen finally noticed."

I leave the shop without the dress but with Lin's words echoing in my head.
_You're too good for the jobs you've been taking._ A sentiment that aligns
perfectly with the anonymous message.

---

The Fractured Glass sits in a neglected corner of the Undercity, its entrance
marked only by a small sign bearing its name in actual fractured glass
illuminated from behind. I've been coming here since before I left HX—one of the
few places that feels like neutral territory.

Inside, the bar lives up to its name. The walls and ceiling are covered with
broken mirror fragments arranged in patterns that catch and distort the low
lighting, creating a kaleidoscope effect that makes the space feel larger and
more disorienting than it actually is. It's a security feature as much as an
aesthetic choice—optical tracking systems have trouble functioning with so many
reflective surfaces.

The early evening crowd is sparse—a couple of off-duty security contractors at a
corner table, a solo street vendor nursing a synthetic beer at the bar, and a
cluster of factory workers celebrating the end of their shift. Zoe Valentine
stands behind the bar, her platinum blonde hair practically glowing against her
dark skin under the strategic lighting.

She spots me immediately, a slight nod indicating she's free to talk. I slide
onto a stool at the far end of the bar, positioning myself with a clear view of
both the entrance and the emergency exit.

"The usual?" Zoe asks, already reaching for a bottle of the mid-grade sake I
prefer.

"Double," I reply.

She raises an eyebrow but pours without comment, sliding the ceramic cup across
the polished bar top. Unlike most establishments in the Undercity, The Fractured
Glass maintains standards—real glasses, clean surfaces, quality liquor. It's one
of the reasons Zoe's place attracts such a diverse clientele.

I take a sip, letting the warm liquid settle my nerves. "What do you know about
Marcus Wen?"

Zoe's expression doesn't change, but the bioluminescent modifications on her
left arm pulse slightly faster—a tell she's never been able to fully control.
"Why do you ask?"

"Curiosity."

She leans forward, bracing her arms on the bar. "Marcus Wen is not someone whose
name comes up in casual conversation."

"Is that a fact."

"He operates several levels above your usual circles, Scarth." She keeps her
voice low. "Elite clientele, top-tier jobs, connections in places most fixers
never access."

"Corporate?"

"Ex-corporate. Walked away from an executive position at Cygnus Solutions about
fifteen years ago. There are different stories about why." She glances around
before continuing. "He's known for identifying talent before anyone else sees
it."

"Talent for what?"

"Precisely what you're good at. Infiltration. Extraction. Solving complicated
problems discreetly." Her modified eyes—capable of seeing spectrums beyond
normal human range—study me intently. "Has he contacted you?"

"Maybe."

"That's not a maybe kind of question."

I drain my sake and push the cup forward for a refill. "I received an invitation
to meet him here. Tonight."

The modification patterns on Zoe's arm pulse rapidly now, betraying her
surprise. "Here? My place?"

"9 PM. 'Ask for Marcus.' That's all it said."

She refills my cup automatically, her mind clearly elsewhere. "He's never used
my bar for meetings before."

"Should I be concerned?"

"Cautious, yes. Concerned?" She considers this. "His reputation is solid. Unlike
most fixers, he's known for being straightforward. No hidden agendas."

"Everyone has hidden agendas."

"Fair point." She glances at the time display behind the bar. "It's 8:40 now. If
you plan to meet him, you might want to freshen up."

I follow her gaze to my reflection in one of the larger mirror fragments behind
the bar. The circles under my eyes have darkened, and my hair could definitely
use attention.

"Bathroom's free," Zoe offers. "I'll watch your drink."

The restroom is one of the few places in The Fractured Glass without mirrors, a
small mercy. I splash water on my face and run damp fingers through my hair,
coaxing it into something resembling a deliberate style. The pink-ash color,
once a statement during my corporate days, has faded to an indeterminate shade
that needs professional attention. Another expense I've been deferring.

When I return, Zoe has moved my drink to a small booth near the back, partially
secluded but with clear sightlines to both exits. Smart woman. I slide into the
booth and check the time: 8:52.

"When he arrives," Zoe says, placing a small dish of edamame beside my drink,
"do you want me to send him over, or would you prefer an introduction?"

"Direct is fine."

She nods and returns to the bar just as the front door opens.

The man who enters is not what I expected. Most fixers in N'Kyoto affect a
deliberate street style—visible enhancements, tactical clothing, obvious weapon
bulges. This man wears a perfectly tailored charcoal suit with a mandarin
collar, his only visible concession to the current era a subtle iridescence to
the fabric that suggests integrated tech. He appears to be in his late sixties,
with silver-streaked black hair worn longer than corporate standard but
impeccably styled. His face bears the distinguished lines of natural aging—a
luxury afforded to very few—with only the faintest signs of cosmetic
optimization around the eyes.

He pauses at the entrance, allowing his eyes to adjust to the lighting. There's
a deliberate quality to his movements, economy and precision that speak to
either military or executive background. Probably both. He scans the room with
measured assessment, not nervousness, and exchanges a brief nod with Zoe.

She points in my direction, and he turns, fixing me with eyes that are
surprisingly unmodified—dark brown irises surrounded by natural whites, no
visible circuitry or enhancement patterns. Such natural eyes are rarer than most
modifications these days.

He approaches my booth with unhurried confidence. "Scarth Johnson, I presume."

His voice matches his appearance—cultured, controlled, with a resonance that
suggests he's accustomed to being listened to. Up close, I can see the subtle
tells of minimal but high-quality modifications—the too-perfect clarity of his
complexion, the precision of his movements that suggests enhanced skeletal
structure.

"You have me at a disadvantage," I reply, not confirming my identity though it's
obviously unnecessary.

He smiles slightly. "Marcus Wen. May I join you?"

I gesture to the seat across from me, watching as he slides into the booth with
practiced grace. No wasted movement, no adjustment of clothing. The mark of
someone completely comfortable in their own skin.

"Thank you for agreeing to meet," he says, declining Zoe's offer of a drink with
a small gesture. "I understand your caution with unsolicited communications."

"Who told you I was cautious?"

"Your operational history speaks for itself. Twelve successful infiltrations in
the past year. No casualties unless absolutely necessary. Minimal property
damage. Clean extractions with no attribution possible." His gaze is direct but
not intimidating. "You're methodical. Prepared. You prioritize stealth and
precision over spectacle. These are rare qualities."

I keep my expression neutral despite my internal alarm. That level of detail
about my jobs shouldn't be available to anyone. "You've been watching me."

"Observing," he corrects. "There's a difference."

"Semantics."

He inclines his head slightly, acknowledging the point. "I've been aware of your
work since you left Helix Integrated. Your talents were obvious, even then."

"If you knew I worked for HX, you know I was fired for incompetence and security
breaches." The cover story HX propagated still stings, even now.

"We both know that's not true." He leans forward slightly. "Diana Weiss needed a
scapegoat for her failed neural mapping project. You were convenient."

I can't hide my surprise this time. Very few people know the real circumstances
of my departure from HX. "What do you want, Mr. Wen?"

"To offer you an opportunity more suited to your abilities." He reaches into his
suit jacket and removes a small data chip, placing it on the table between us.
"I have a client who needs something extracted from Cygnus Solutions. Something
requiring both physical infiltration and significant social engineering."

I don't touch the chip. "I don't typically work corporate high society."

"But you could." His confidence is unnerving. "Your HX training included
comprehensive social protocols and cultural adaptation. You still have those
skills, even if you haven't used them recently."

"Those skills are rusty."

"They can be refreshed." His dark eyes hold mine steadily. "The compensation
would be substantial. Three times your usual rate, regardless of outcome, with a
success bonus that would cover six months of your current living expenses."

The offer is significant enough to make me suspicious. "Why me? There are
operators who specialize in corporate social infiltration."

"Because this job requires someone who can navigate both worlds—the elegance of
corporate social functions and the precise technical work of security
penetration. Few have that combination of skills." He gestures to the chip. "All
the details are there, including advance payment. Review it privately. If you're
not interested, keep the advance as compensation for your time."

I still don't touch the chip. "And why should I trust you when I know nothing
about you or your motivations?"

His expression shifts subtly—a flicker of something that might be respect. "A
fair question. I've operated independently for fifteen years, building a
reputation based on integrity and discretion." He meets my gaze directly. "Check
my background. Ask around. I'll wait three days for your decision."

He rises from the booth with the same fluid economy of movement. "You're better
than the work you've been doing, Scarth Johnson. I'm offering a chance to prove
it—to yourself as much as anyone." He gestures to the chip. "The access code is
your birth date. Contact protocols are included."

Without waiting for a response, he turns and walks toward the exit, nodding once
more to Zoe as he passes the bar. The door closes behind him, leaving me staring
at the innocent-looking data chip.

Zoe appears at my table moments later, her expression concerned. "That was
quick."

"Just a business proposition." I finally pick up the chip, feeling its
weight—heavier than standard, suggesting advanced encryption and security
features.

"Must be some proposition. Your hands are shaking."

I hadn't noticed, but she's right. I clench my fist to still the tremor. "He
knows things, Zoe. Personal things."

"That's his reputation. Information nobody else has." She slides into the booth
Marcus just vacated. "What did he offer?"

"A job at Cygnus Solutions. Corporate infiltration. Three times my usual rate."

Her eyes widen slightly. "Are you going to take it?"

I pocket the data chip, feeling its weight against my thigh. "I need to think."

"Think, yes. But don't wait too long." Her voice drops lower. "Marcus Wen
doesn't offer second chances. If you turn this down, that door closes
permanently."

"Maybe that's safer."

"Safer, sure." Zoe's modified eyes catch the light as she leans forward. "But is
safer what you really want, Scarth? You've been taking jobs below your skill
level since HX. We both know it."

"Those jobs pay the bills."

"They bore you. I can see it every time you come in after a job. That look of...
disappointment." She taps the table for emphasis. "You were meant for bigger
things."

"You sound like him now."

"Maybe he's right." She stands to return to the bar. "The Meridian job didn't
challenge you at all, did it?"

I don't answer, but we both know the truth. The execution had been flawless, but
I'd felt nothing afterward except mild satisfaction at a task completed
efficiently. No thrill, no pride—just another item crossed off a list.

I leave The Fractured Glass with the data chip burning a hole in my pocket and
Marcus Wen's words playing on repeat in my mind.

_You're better than the work you've been doing._

Am I? Or is this just an elaborate setup designed to exploit whatever qualities
make my neural architecture so valuable?

Only one way to find out.

---

My apartment feels particularly small and spartan when I return. I secure the
door behind me—biometric lock, DNA scanner, and old-fashioned mechanical
deadbolt—before Pixel emerges from her perch by the window, stretching
languidly.

"Hey, girl," I murmur, bending to stroke her as her bio-monitor pulses with
recognition. "Interesting night."

She purrs in response, rubbing against my legs as I move to the small
kitchenette to prepare her food. The ritual is comforting—measuring the premium
food blend that keeps her health modifications functioning optimally, refreshing
her water, watching her eat with feline focus.

"What do you think, Pix? Time to move up in the world?"

Her only response is continued purring as she eats. Life is simple for
Pixel—food, affection, security. Sometimes I envy her uncomplicated existence.

I secure my apartment in privacy mode—signal jammers active, windows opaqued,
additional security protocols engaged—before removing the data chip from my
pocket. The security features are immediately apparent: quantum encryption,
biological authentication requirements, self-destruct capability if tampered
with. Serious measures for what should be a simple job brief.

I insert the chip into my secure reader, inputting my birth date as the access
code. The encryption unlocks, projecting a holographic display above my small
dining table.

The job is both simpler and more complex than I expected. Cygnus Solutions is
hosting an exclusive product launch event in five days—invitation-only,
high-security, with N'Kyoto's corporate elite in attendance. The target is a
data cache containing proprietary designs for something called "NeuroSync"
technology, stored in a secured server room adjacent to the main event space.

The challenge isn't just bypassing security—it's gaining access to the event
itself, navigating the social environment convincingly, and extracting the data
without detection. It would require wardrobe, identity credentials, social
engineering skills I haven't used since my corporate days, and precise timing.

The advance payment alone is more than I typically make on two standard jobs.
The success fee is almost obscene.

I close the projection and sit in the darkness of my apartment, weighing
options. The job is well beyond my current operational scope, but within the
capabilities I possessed at HX. It would require resources I don't currently
have and skills I've deliberately left dormant.

It would also put me directly in the path of the corporate world I've been
avoiding since my unceremonious ejection.

I move to the window, disengaging the opacity to look out at N'Kyoto's skyline.
From my mid-level apartment, I can see both the gleaming corporate towers above
and the dimmer, chaotic glow of the Undercity below. I've been living in this
middle ground literally and figuratively—neither corporate nor street, existing
in the margins between worlds.

Marcus Wen is offering a chance to prove I belong somewhere higher. Or he's
dangling bait for an elaborate trap.

The prudent choice would be to decline. Return the advance payment. Continue
with the predictable jobs and steady income that have sustained me for the past
year.

But as I watch the pulsing lights of N'Kyoto, I realize Zoe was right. I've been
bored. Unchallenged. Taking jobs that require only a fraction of my capabilities
while watching my skills gradually atrophy.

The Cygnus job would require everything I have—and some capabilities I'm not
sure I still possess.

The question isn't whether I can do it. The question is whether I'm willing to
risk failure.

I turn from the window to find Pixel watching me, her green eyes reflecting the
city lights. "What do you think, Pix? Ready for a change?"

She blinks slowly—the feline equivalent of a shrug.

Decision made, I activate the communication protocol included with the job
brief. A simple acknowledgment is all that's required: "Accepted."

The response comes almost immediately: "Preparation begins tomorrow. 10 AM. The
Fractured Glass. Bring measurements for formal attire."

I glance at Lin's shop in my mind, seeing the navy dress with gold accents. As
if she somehow knew this moment was coming.

Maybe it's time to accept her investment in my future.
