## CHAPTER 3: STEP UP

"It's like riding a bike," Zoe tells me over breakfast. "You never really
forget."

We're sitting in her small apartment above The Fractured Glass, going over
corporate social protocols on a secured tablet. The morning light filters
through her curtains, casting soft patterns across the room that make her
bioluminescent arm modifications pulse gently in response. It's been five years
since I've had to navigate a high-society corporate function, and those
particular muscles feel atrophied.

"Except if you fall off this bike, the consequences are significantly worse than
scraped knees," I mutter, scrolling through profiles of Cygnus executives I
might encounter.

She laughs, pouring herself more coffee. "I've seen you talk your way past
military-grade security with nothing but a fabricated identity and a smile.
Corporate small talk should be manageable."

"Different skill set entirely." I lean back in her kitchen chair, stretching.
The tank top I'm wearing rides up slightly, and I catch Zoe's appreciative
glance before she looks away. Even with friends, the attention is automatic.
"Security guards follow predictable protocols. Corporate socialites are chaos
variables with agendas I can't predict."

"True," she concedes, taking the tablet to scroll through the event details.
"But Marcus has given you every advantage. The pre-event function tonight is
smaller, more intimate. Perfect for reconnaissance."

Pre-event. Right. Marcus had explained it yesterday—an exclusive preview for key
stakeholders and select media before the main product launch. Fewer people, less
security, but all the important players would be there. Including Haruki Tanaka,
Cygnus's head of security.

"Your cover identity is bulletproof," Zoe continues. "Mira Chen, technology
correspondent for Pacific Rim Business Journal. I've read some of her actual
work—you could pull off her writing style if you had to."

I'm only half-listening, my mind already shifting into operational mode. The
preview is at 6 PM in Cygnus Tower's executive lounge. Cocktails, light
networking, and a private demonstration of their NeuroSync technology for the
inner circle. Perfect for getting close to the people who matter.

"What about afterward?" I ask.

"Meaning?"

"After I charm my way through their little cocktail party. Do I go straight into
the main infiltration, or—"

"Scarth." Zoe sets down her cup, giving me a look. "You're overthinking this.
Tonight is just reconnaissance. Get a feel for the players, the layout, the
security measures. The real job happens tomorrow night at the main event."

She's right, of course. But I've been out of this game long enough that every
instinct screams to compress timelines, to get in and out as quickly as
possible. Corporate spaces make me twitchy.

An hour later, I'm standing outside Circuit Couture, debating whether Lin's
dress is too much or not enough. Through the window, I can see her working on
something intricate, her dark hair pulled back as she focuses on delicate
stitching that probably costs more than most people make in a month.

The door chimes as I enter, and Lin looks up with a knowing smile.

"I wondered when you'd be back," she says, setting aside her work. "Ready to see
how the dress fits?"

"How did you—never mind." In N'Kyoto, information travels faster than light, and
Lin has always been plugged into networks I don't fully understand.

She retrieves the garment bag from yesterday, unzipping it to reveal the navy
silk with gold accents. In daylight, the reactive fibers shimmer subtly, and I
can see the sophisticated architecture of the underlying armor mesh.

"Try it on," Lin insists, gesturing toward the fitting room. "I made some
adjustments based on your measurements from your last visit."

In the privacy of the small room, I strip out of my leggings and tank top. The
dress slides on like it was grown for my body—which, given Lin's skill with
bioresponsive fabrics, it might have been. The neckline is sophisticated without
being revealing, the hemline hits just above the knee, and the fit accentuates
my figure in ways that feel both professional and... potent.

I step out to examine myself in Lin's three-way mirror. The woman looking back
is someone I used to know—polished, confident, dangerous in a way that corporate
types find both attractive and intimidating.

"Perfect," Lin murmurs, making tiny adjustments to the shoulders. "You look like
you could buy and sell half of Cygnus without breaking a sweat."

"That's the idea." I turn to examine the back. The dress hugs my ass in a way
that's going to draw attention, but not so obviously that it screams
unprofessional. Lin knows her craft.

"Your hair needs work though," she adds, studying my reflection critically.

She's right. The pink-ash color has faded to something indeterminate, and the
inverted bob needs reshaping. "Know anyone who can fix it on short notice?"

"I know someone." Lin produces her comm unit, firing off a quick message. "Kenji
owes me a favor. He'll take care of you this afternoon."

Three hours later, I'm sitting in Kenji's chair in a boutique salon that smells
like expensive products and quiet money. My hair is now a proper ashen pink
again, the longer front pieces framing my face in a way that draws attention to
my eyes. He's also touched up my signature eyeliner—the long, dark lines that
I've worn since my HX days.

"Very classic," Kenji says, putting the finishing touches on the style.
"Corporate chic with just enough edge to suggest you're not entirely tame."

I study myself in his mirror. Between the hair, the subtle makeup enhancement,
and the dress waiting back at my apartment, I'm going to look like someone worth
talking to. Someone worth underestimating.

But first, I need equipment.

---

Dex's workshop hasn't changed much since my last visit six months ago—still a
technological wonderland hidden behind carefully maintained decay. The security
gauntlet to reach his inner sanctum is as paranoid as ever, but my biometrics
still register in his system.

He's exactly where I expected to find him, curled in his acceleration chair with
holographic displays floating around him like digital prayer flags. The electric
blue of his modified eye is bright in the dim light, and the bioluminescent
circuit patterns along his arms pulse in rhythm with whatever he's working on.

"Well, well," he says without turning around. "Look what the corporate world
dragged back in."

"Hello, Dex."

He swivels to face me, and I catch the moment his gaze travels from my face down
to my legs and back up. The new leggings I'm wearing—deep orange today—hug every
curve, and I see his pupils dilate slightly as he takes in the full picture.

"Corporate infiltration," he says, reading my body language as easily as code.
"High-level, judging by the way you're dressed. Someone's moving up in the
world."

I don't confirm or deny, but we both know why I'm here. "I need equipment.
Cutting-edge."

"For Cygnus Solutions." It's not a question. Dex has information sources
throughout N'Kyoto, and nothing that happens in the corporate district escapes
his attention for long.

"Are you going to help, or should I find someone else?"

He grins, unfolding from his chair with that fluid grace I remember too well.
"Oh, I'll help. But first..." He steps closer, close enough that I can smell the
ozone and synthetic sandalwood that always clings to him. "It's been a while,
Scarth."

"Six months," I say, not stepping back even though every instinct tells me to
maintain distance.

"You look good." His gaze lingers on my mouth for a moment too long. "Better
than good."

The air between us thickens with familiar tension. We have history—complicated,
intense history that ended badly but never really ended. Even now, I can feel
the pull of it, the way my body responds to his proximity despite everything my
brain knows about trusting Alexander Bluehand.

"Equipment, Dex," I say, but my voice comes out softer than intended.

"Right. Business." He doesn't move away though. "What's the target?"

"Executive-level security systems. Quantum-7 protocols. I need to access
isolated servers without triggering integrity monitoring."

His eyebrows rise. "Ambitious. Also expensive."

"I can pay."

"I'm sure you can." He finally steps back, moving to one of his secured
workbenches. "But payment isn't what I'm interested in."

Here it comes. With Dex, there's always a hook.

"Dinner," he says, retrieving a small device from a locked drawer. "After your
job. Just the two of us, like old times."

I study his profile as he examines the piece of tech. The sharp line of his jaw,
the way his blue hair falls across his forehead, the careful precision of his
movements. We were good together once—professionally and personally. Until I
discovered he was selling information about my operations to the highest bidder.

"That's all you want? Dinner?"

"That's all I want." He turns back to me, holding a neural bridge bypass that's
significantly more advanced than anything I've seen. "Consider it an investment
in our renewed professional relationship."

The device is beautiful in the way that only bleeding-edge tech can be—elegant,
minimalist, and undoubtedly worth more than my apartment. Dex doesn't make
investments lightly.

"Fine," I say, accepting the device. "Dinner."

His smile is triumphant, but there's something else in it too. Something that
looks almost like hope.

He gathers additional equipment—a quantum-encrypted data spike, emergency
countermeasures I can't identify, and a small silver disc that makes my skin
prickle when I get too close to it.

"Emergency teleport," he explains, noticing my reaction. "One-time use,
pre-programmed extraction point. The genetic disruption is... unpleasant, but
survivable."

I take it carefully, feeling the weight of whatever exotic materials it
contains. "This is military-grade equipment, Dex. How did you—"

"Some questions are better left unasked." He packages everything in a
specialized case that will shield the contents from most scanners. "Just promise
me you'll be careful. Cygnus security isn't a game."

There's genuine concern in his voice, which surprises me. "Since when do you
worry about my jobs?"

"Since never." But his eyes say something different. "Just... don't get yourself
killed proving a point, Scarth. Whatever Marcus Wen is offering you, it's not
worth dying for."

I take the case, our fingers brushing as he hands it over. The contact sends an
unwelcome jolt through me, memories of other touches, other moments when we
didn't have professional complications between us.

"Thanks for the equipment," I say, stepping back before I do something stupid.

"Thank me by coming back alive." His gaze holds mine for a moment longer. "I'll
be waiting for that dinner."

---

The Cygnus Tower executive lounge occupies the entire forty-second floor, its
floor-to-ceiling windows offering a commanding view of N'Kyoto's corporate
district. The space is elegantly minimalist—all clean lines and subtle lighting
designed to make the people in it feel important. About thirty guests mill
around with drinks, their conversations creating a sophisticated hum that speaks
of serious money and serious power.

I've been here for twenty minutes, nursing a glass of champagne and doing what
corporate types call "networking." In reality, I'm cataloging exits, security
measures, and the behavioral patterns of everyone who might matter tomorrow
night.

The preview demonstration was impressive—a carefully controlled display of
NeuroSync technology allowing two volunteers to share sensory experiences in
real-time. Revolutionary tech, assuming they can scale it beyond laboratory
conditions. The kind of breakthrough that makes or breaks corporations.

"Fascinating, isn't it?"

The voice comes from behind me, cultured and confident. I turn to find myself
looking at Haruki Tanaka, Cygnus's head of security. He's even more imposing in
person than his photos suggested—tall, athletic build evident even in his
perfectly tailored suit, with the kind of presence that suggests he's accustomed
to being the most dangerous person in any room.

"The implications are staggering," I reply, adopting the slightly breathless
tone of a technology journalist encountering something genuinely revolutionary.
"Direct consciousness sharing could transform everything from education to
entertainment to..." I let the sentence trail off, implying possibilities too
numerous to list.

"Therapy," he supplies, moving to stand beside me at the window. "Medical
treatment. Criminal investigation. The applications are limited only by our
imagination."

Up close, I can see the subtle tells of high-end modifications—the too-perfect
clarity of his skin, the precision of his movements that suggests enhanced
reflexes. But unlike most corporate executives, he hasn't gone overboard with
obvious augmentation. Confident enough in his natural capabilities not to need
flashy upgrades.

"And the ethical implications?" I ask, tilting my head in a way that makes my
hair catch the light. "Sharing consciousness means sharing everything—memories,
experiences, thoughts we might prefer to keep private."

His dark eyes study my face with interest that seems both professional and
personal. "An astute observation, Ms...?"

"Chen. Mira Chen, Pacific Rim Business Journal." I extend my hand, noting the
strength of his grip when he takes it. "I imagine security concerns keep you
busy with technology this revolutionary."

"They do indeed." He doesn't release my hand immediately, and I don't pull away.
"Though I'd argue that security is less about the technology than the people
using it. Hardware can be protected. Human nature is more... unpredictable."

Is he flirting with me? The way he's looking at me suggests yes, but with
corporate types, professional interest and personal attraction often blur
together. Either way, it's useful.

"Speaking from experience?" I ask, letting a hint of challenge into my voice.

"Always." His smile is small but genuine. "Would you like to see something not
included in tonight's demonstration?"

This is either a security test or a genuine offer of privileged access. Given my
mission, I can't afford to decline either way.

"I'd be honored."

He leads me away from the main gathering toward a restricted area marked with
subtle Cygnus security emblems. His access credentials open doors that mine
wouldn't, and I file away every detail—lock types, sensor locations, response
patterns.

"This is our neural mapping laboratory," he says, gesturing to a space filled
with sophisticated equipment I can't immediately identify. "The real heart of
the NeuroSync project."

The room is impressive, but what catches my attention is the security setup.
Biometric scanners, quantum encryption locks, and monitoring systems that would
make military installations jealous. Tomorrow night's infiltration is going to
be significantly more complicated than the briefing materials suggested.

"Impressive," I murmur, genuinely awed by the technical sophistication. "The
security measures alone must have cost..."

"More than most countries' annual budgets," he confirms, watching my reaction
carefully. "But when you're dealing with technology that could redefine human
consciousness, no precaution is excessive."

He's testing me, I realize. Seeing how I react to the displays of security,
whether I ask the right questions or the wrong ones. A corporate journalist
would be impressed but respectful. A potential threat would be looking for
weaknesses.

"The ethical review process must be extensive," I say, turning away from the
equipment to face him directly. "Technology this powerful... there must be
oversight, regulations, safeguards against misuse."

Relief flickers across his expression. Right answer, apparently.

"Extensive doesn't begin to cover it," he says, moving closer to point out
specific pieces of equipment. "Every protocol has been reviewed by ethics
boards, legal departments, and government liaisons. We're not just building
revolutionary technology—we're establishing the framework for how it can be used
responsibly."

The passion in his voice is genuine, and I find myself unexpectedly drawn to it.
Most corporate executives are motivated by profit or power. Tanaka seems driven
by something more idealistic—a belief that what they're doing here will actually
benefit humanity.

It's an attractive quality in a man I'm planning to rob.

"You speak like someone who's seen the alternatives," I observe.

His expression darkens slightly. "I've worked in corporate security for fifteen
years, Ms. Chen. I've seen what happens when powerful technology falls into the
wrong hands. The safeguards we're implementing here aren't just corporate
policy—they're moral imperatives."

There's real conviction in his words, and suddenly I understand why Marcus
wanted me to meet Tanaka before tomorrow night's operation. This isn't just
about reconnaissance or establishing cover. It's about understanding that the
person standing between me and my objective isn't a generic corporate
obstacle—he's someone with principles, someone who believes in what he's
protecting.

Someone who's going to make this job significantly more complicated.

"Your passion for the work is evident," I say, meaning it more than I intended.
"It's refreshing to meet someone in your position who still believes in making
the world better."

"Even corporate security chiefs can have ideals," he replies with a slight
smile. "Though I'll admit they sometimes conflict with practical necessities."

The comment hangs in the air between us, loaded with implications I'm not sure
either of us intended. We're standing closer now, the sophisticated laboratory
equipment creating an intimate space around us. His cologne is subtle but
expensive, and when he looks at me, there's an intensity that has nothing to do
with NeuroSync technology.

"Ms. Chen," he says quietly, "would you be interested in continuing this
conversation over dinner? There are aspects of our security philosophy that
might interest your readers, but they're not suitable for public discussion."

The invitation is professional on the surface, but the way he's looking at me
makes it clear there's more to it than that. I should decline—getting personally
involved with the target of tomorrow's infiltration is a complication I don't
need.

Instead, I hear myself saying, "I'd like that very much."

"Excellent." He produces a card embossed with the Cygnus logo and his personal
contact information. "Tomorrow evening? I know a place in the Preservation
Quarter that serves the best traditional kaiseki in the city."

"Tomorrow evening," I confirm, accepting the card with fingers that are steadier
than they should be.

We return to the main reception, but something fundamental has shifted. When
Tanaka introduces me to other Cygnus executives, there's a subtle possessiveness
in how he presents me. When I laugh at something another guest says, I catch him
watching with interest that's definitely not professional.

By the time I leave the tower an hour later, I've gathered enough intelligence
to significantly revise tomorrow's infiltration plan. I've also committed to
having dinner with the man whose security systems I'm planning to defeat.

As the elevator descends toward street level, I catch my reflection in its
polished walls. The woman looking back appears perfectly composed—sophisticated,
professional, in complete control of the situation.

She's also lying to herself.

I'm attracted to Haruki Tanaka. Not just as a useful mark or a convenient
distraction, but genuinely drawn to his intelligence, his principles, and the
way he looked at me like I was someone worth knowing rather than just another
corporate player.

Tomorrow night, I'm going to betray that interest for money and professional
advancement.

The elevator reaches the ground floor, and I step out into N'Kyoto's neon-soaked
streets. The corporate towers rise around me like glass and steel monuments to
human ambition, their lights reflecting off wet pavement in patterns that would
be beautiful if you could forget what they represent.

I have eighteen hours to prepare for the most complex infiltration of my career.
Eighteen hours to review building schematics, test equipment, and finalize
contingency plans for every possible complication.

Eighteen hours to decide whether I can go through with seducing and betraying a
man who might be the first genuinely decent person I've met in the corporate
world.

My comm unit chimes with a message from Marcus: "Preliminary reports excellent.
Proceed with primary operation as planned."

I pocket the device and disappear into the crowd, just another well-dressed
woman navigating the corporate district after dark. But underneath the
professional exterior, I'm already calculating angles, assessing
vulnerabilities, and preparing to prove that I'm exactly as ruthless as this
city demands.

Even if it means destroying something that could have been good before it has a
chance to begin.
