## CHAPTER 4: HIGH SOCIETY

The main Cygnus product launch is everything the preview wasn't—massive,
ostentatious, and crawling with security.

I arrive fashionably late, stepping out of the corporate car into a sea of
camera flashes and murmured conversations. The main entrance to Cygnus Tower has
been transformed into something resembling a red carpet event, complete with
media backdrop and photographers capturing every arrival for the corporate
social feeds.

Lin's dress moves like liquid silk as I walk, the reactive fibers responding to
my body heat and the ambient lighting to create subtle patterns that catch the
eye without being flashy. My hair catches the light perfectly, the ashen pink
complementing the gold accents in the fabric. I feel every gaze that follows my
movement through the crowd, and for once, the attention serves a purpose beyond
my personal satisfaction.

"Ms. Chen!" A photographer gestures me toward the media area. "Pacific Rim
Business Journal, correct? Could we get a few shots?"

I pose briefly, smiling in a way that suggests professional confidence without
seeming too eager for attention. The photos will help establish my presence
here, create a digital trail that confirms Mira Chen attended the event. Just
another layer of cover in case things go sideways.

Inside, the transformation is even more dramatic. The entire lower level of
Cygnus Tower has been converted into a showcase space, with holographic displays
demonstrating NeuroSync applications floating throughout the cavernous atrium.
The guest list has expanded from last night's intimate thirty to nearly three
hundred—corporate executives, government liaisons, potential investors, and
carefully selected media representatives.

Perfect cover for someone who doesn't belong.

I accept a glass of champagne from a passing server and begin my reconnaissance
circuit, noting security positions and exit routes while maintaining the
demeanor of a journalist taking mental notes for her story. The neural bridge
bypass sits against my thigh like a warm promise, and Dex's other equipment
creates subtle weight against my ribs where Lin built concealed pockets into the
dress.

"Impressive turnout," comes a familiar voice.

I turn to find Haruki Tanaka approaching, and my breath catches despite my
professional preparations. He's devastating in formal wear—a perfectly tailored
tuxedo that emphasizes his athletic build, minimal jewelry that somehow makes
him seem more dangerous rather than civilized. When he smiles, it transforms his
entire face from intimidating to genuinely warm.

"Mr. Tanaka," I reply, letting genuine pleasure color my voice. "I was hoping
I'd see you tonight."

"The feeling is mutual." His gaze travels over my dress in a way that makes my
skin warm. "You look... stunning."

The compliment hits differently than the casual attention I'm used to receiving.
There's something deliberate about it, thoughtful in a way that suggests he's
seeing me rather than just appreciating the package. It's flattering and
inconvenient in equal measure.

"Thank you." I step closer, ostensibly to be heard over the crowd noise but
really to test the boundaries of his professional composure. "Though I have to
admit, I'm feeling a bit overwhelmed by all of this."

"The event?"

"The implications." I gesture toward the nearest holographic display, where a
NeuroSync demonstration shows two people sharing what appears to be a deeply
emotional memory. "Last night you showed me the laboratory, the security
measures, the ethical frameworks. But seeing it presented like this... it's
almost like watching the future arrive ahead of schedule."

His expression grows more serious. "That's exactly what it is. The question is
whether we're ready for that future."

Before I can respond, a commotion near the main entrance draws our attention.
Diana Weiss has arrived, and her presence sends ripples through the gathering
like a stone dropped in still water. She's exactly as I remember—silver-streaked
hair pulled into that severe bun, sharp features accentuated by subtle but
expensive modifications, wearing a suit that probably costs more than most
people make in a year.

She's also wearing a pin that combines the Cygnus and HX logos, confirming the
partnership Marcus mentioned but providing no details about.

"Excuse me," Tanaka says, his voice shifting to something more professional. "I
should greet our distinguished guests."

I watch him move through the crowd toward Diana, noting the way other attendees
defer to him, the unconscious authority in his bearing. He's not just head of
security—he's clearly one of the most powerful people in the room.

Which makes what I'm about to do even more complicated.

I use his absence to position myself strategically, finding a vantage point that
allows me to observe both the main showcase area and the restricted access
points I'll need later. The neural mapping laboratory Tanaka showed me yesterday
is two floors above this level, accessible through service corridors that should
be minimally monitored during the main event.

"Scarth Johnson."

The voice behind me is cultured, female, and utterly unexpected. I turn slowly,
keeping my expression neutral, to find Diana Weiss standing less than three feet
away. Up close, she's even more intimidating—those artificial blue eyes studying
me with the intensity of a predator evaluating prey.

"I'm sorry," I say carefully, "I think you have me confused with someone else.
Mira Chen, Pacific Rim Business Journal."

Diana's smile is razor-thin. "Of course you are. My mistake." She steps closer,
lowering her voice. "Though I have to say, the years have been kind to you.
Corporate life obviously agreed with you."

My heart rate spikes, but I maintain the confused journalist persona. "I'm
afraid I don't understand."

"No, of course not." Diana's gaze travels over my dress in a way that makes my
skin crawl. "Tell me, how is Marcus Wen these days? Still playing mentor to
promising young operatives?"

The mention of Marcus's name confirms what I've suspected—this encounter isn't
coincidental. Diana knows exactly who I am and why I'm here. The question is
what she plans to do about it.

"I really think you have me confused with someone else," I repeat, but my voice
lacks the conviction it should have.

"Perhaps." Diana produces a small card from her jacket. "But if you happen to
encounter this Scarth Johnson person, give her my regards. And tell her that
some opportunities are worth reconsidering."

She presses the card into my hand before I can refuse it, her fingers cold
against my skin. Then she's gone, disappearing back into the crowd like she was
never there.

I look down at the card—expensive stock, embossed with a logo I don't recognize
and contact information that tells me nothing useful. But on the back, written
in elegant script, are the words: "Some doors never truly close."

What the fuck does that mean?

"Ms. Chen?" Tanaka has returned, his expression concerned. "You look pale. Is
everything alright?"

I pocket Diana's card quickly, forcing a smile. "Just a bit warm in here. All
these people..."

"Would you like some air? There's a balcony on the mezzanine level that
overlooks the city. Much quieter."

The mezzanine level. Exactly where I need to be.

"That sounds perfect," I reply, letting him guide me toward the elevator bank.

As we ascend, I'm acutely aware of his proximity in the confined space. His
cologne is subtle but masculine, and when he moves, I catch glimpses of what
might be concealed weapon holsters beneath his perfectly tailored jacket. He's
beautiful and dangerous in exactly the way that makes my pulse quicken for all
the wrong reasons.

The mezzanine balcony is everything he promised—a semicircular space with
floor-to-ceiling windows offering a spectacular view of N'Kyoto's skyline. The
city spreads out below us in patterns of light and shadow, corporate towers
rising like digital cathedrals against the night sky.

"Better?" he asks, moving to stand beside me at the railing.

"Much." I let myself relax slightly, appreciating the relative quiet after the
chaos below. "Thank you. I sometimes forget how overwhelming these events can
be."

"You handle them well." His voice is warm. "Most journalists I meet are either
too aggressive or too deferential. You strike the right balance—interested
without being invasive."

If only he knew.

"Professional training," I say lightly. "Though I have to admit, technology
journalism can be isolating work. Lots of research, lots of writing, not much
human interaction."

"Is that why you seem..." He pauses, searching for the right word. "Guarded
isn't right. Careful, maybe? Like you're always evaluating whether people are
worth trusting."

His observation is uncomfortably accurate. "Occupational hazard, I suppose. When
your job involves exposing corporate secrets, you learn to be cautious about who
you let close."

"Fair enough." He turns to face me directly, his dark eyes serious. "For what
it's worth, you can trust me."

The simple statement hits me like a physical blow. Here I am, carrying equipment
designed to penetrate his security systems, planning to steal his company's most
valuable research, and he's offering me trust with the straightforward honesty
of someone who's never learned to doubt human nature.

"Haruki," I say quietly, using his first name for the first time.

"Yes?"

"If someone you cared about was in a position where they had to choose between
their professional obligations and doing what they believed was right, what
would you tell them?"

His expression grows thoughtful. "I'd tell them that integrity isn't about
following rules—it's about making choices you can live with. Even when those
choices are difficult."

"And if those choices hurt people you care about?"

"Then I'd hope they cared enough about me to trust that I could handle the
truth."

The sincerity in his voice makes my chest tight. Every instinct screams that I
should abort this mission, find another way, anything except betray the trust
he's offering so freely.

Instead, I step closer to him.

"The truth can be complicated," I murmur, looking up into his eyes.

"Most worthwhile things are."

He reaches up to brush a strand of hair from my face, his touch gentle but
deliberate. When his thumb traces along my cheek, I don't pull away.

"Mira," he says softly.

"Yes?"

"I know we've only just met, but there's something about you that feels...
familiar. Like we've been having this conversation for years instead of hours."

My heart clenches. If circumstances were different, if I were really who I'm
pretending to be, this could be the beginning of something real. Something good.

"I feel it too," I admit, because it's true even if everything else is a lie.

When he leans down to kiss me, I let him.

His lips are warm and sure, the kiss starting gentle but deepening when I
respond. My hands find their way to his chest, feeling the solid muscle beneath
expensive fabric, and for a moment I forget everything except the taste of him
and the way his arms feel around me.

When we break apart, we're both breathing hard.

"That was..." he begins.

"Unexpected," I finish.

"I was going to say perfect."

The word cuts through me like a blade. Perfect. If only he knew what I really
am, what I'm really here to do.

"We should go back," I say, though every fiber of my being wants to stay in this
moment where I can pretend to be someone worthy of his trust.

"Probably." But he doesn't move away. "Mira?"

"Yes?"

"Tomorrow night. Dinner. I meant what I said."

"So did I."

We return to the elevator in silence, the weight of what just happened settling
between us like a promise neither of us is sure we can keep. When the doors
close, I catch our reflection in the polished metal—we look like a couple,
comfortable with each other in a way that takes months to develop, not hours.

It's a beautiful lie.

The main event is reaching its crescendo when we return to the showcase floor.
The crowd has gathered around a central stage where Cygnus executives are
preparing for what appears to be the evening's major announcement. Perfect
timing—maximum distraction for what I need to do next.

"I should rejoin the executive team," Tanaka says, his hand lingering on my
lower back. "But I'll find you afterward?"

"I'll be here," I promise, meaning it in ways that make my chest tight.

I watch him disappear into the crowd of corporate dignitaries before beginning
my careful movement toward the service corridors that will take me to the neural
mapping laboratory. The security presence is lighter here, most personnel
focused on the main event, but I still move with practiced stealth.

The neural bridge bypass slides smoothly into the laboratory's security panel,
feeding it the biometric patterns it expects while I slip inside. The space is
exactly as Tanaka showed me yesterday—rows of sophisticated equipment humming
quietly in the dim light, quantum encryption locks protecting the most sensitive
research.

The isolated server containing the NeuroSync data is where Marcus said it would
be, physically separated from the network to prevent remote intrusion. I connect
Dex's specialized data spike, watching the progress indicator crawl upward with
agonizing slowness.

Thirty percent. Forty. Fifty.

Footsteps in the corridor outside.

I freeze, listening to the measured pace of someone approaching with purpose
rather than coincidence. The footsteps pause outside the laboratory door,
followed by the soft beep of the security panel being activated.

No time to disconnect the spike or find concealment. I adopt the posture of
someone performing authorized work, positioning my body to partially conceal the
data connection.

The door slides open to reveal Haruki Tanaka, his expression shifting from
purpose to surprise to something that might be understanding.

"This is a restricted area," he says, his voice carefully controlled.

"I know." The truth slips out before I can stop it. "I'm sorry."

He steps into the laboratory, letting the door close behind him. His gaze takes
in the data spike, the specialized equipment I'm using, my position relative to
the isolated server. When his eyes meet mine again, there's no surprise in them.
Only disappointment.

"How long have you known?" I ask quietly.

"Since yesterday. Facial recognition flagged you the moment you entered the
building for the preview." His voice is perfectly professional now, all warmth
leached out of it. "Scarth Johnson, former HX security specialist, currently
operating as an independent infiltration expert."

The words hit like physical blows. "Then why didn't you—"

"Have you arrested? Turn you over to corporate security?" He steps closer, and I
can see the conflict in his dark eyes. "Because I wanted to understand why. Why
someone with your capabilities was taking jobs beneath her skill level. Why
Marcus Wen would risk exposing you on an operation this visible."

The data transfer reaches seventy-five percent. Almost finished.

"And what did you conclude?"

"That you're not who you're pretending to be, but you're also not who you used
to be." He reaches past me to disconnect the data spike, his movement precise
but not aggressive. "The Scarth Johnson in HX's files was brilliant but
reckless. Someone who would have accessed this data and disappeared without a
second thought."

Eighty percent complete when the connection breaks. Enough for Marcus's
purposes, but not the complete dataset.

"The woman I met yesterday asked about ethical implications," he continues,
holding the data spike between us like evidence of my betrayal. "She cared about
responsible implementation, about safeguards against misuse. That's not the
profile of someone motivated purely by money."

"People change," I say, but the words sound hollow.

"Yes, they do." He pockets the data spike, but doesn't move to restrain me or
call security. "The question is whether you've changed enough to walk away from
this."

I stare at him, trying to understand what he's offering. "Walk away?"

"The data on that spike is incomplete but functional. Enough to satisfy your
client without compromising our core research." His gaze is steady, unflinching.
"Take it. Leave. Don't look back."

"And you'll just... let me go?"

"I'll tell corporate security that our systems detected an attempted intrusion
but the perpetrator escaped before we could identify them. No footage, no
biometric traces, no evidence pointing to any specific individual."

The offer is more generous than I deserve, but it comes with implications that
make my stomach clench. "Why?"

"Because the woman I kissed on that balcony was real. Whatever else you're
hiding, whatever brought you here tonight, that moment was genuine." His voice
softens slightly. "And because I believe you're capable of choosing something
better than this."

I want to take his offer. Every part of me that responded to his kiss, that felt
something real in his arms, wants to accept his mercy and find another way to
live.

But Marcus is expecting results. My reputation depends on successful completion.
And somewhere in the back of my mind, Diana Weiss's card burns like a brand, her
cryptic message suggesting complications I don't yet understand.

"I can't," I whisper.

Disappointment flickers across his features, quickly replaced by resignation.
"Then I'm sorry."

His hand moves toward the communication device on his belt, and I realize he's
about to call security after all. The generous offer was conditional on my
cooperation, and I've just chosen to refuse it.

I could fight him. My combat training against his security experience, my
desperation against his moral certainty. But even as the possibility crosses my
mind, I know I won't. Whatever damage I've done tonight, I won't compound it by
hurting someone who showed me kindness I didn't deserve.

Instead, I do something that surprises us both.

I kiss him.

Not the gentle exploration from the balcony, but something desperate and hungry,
pouring all my regret and want and impossible circumstances into the contact.
For a moment, he responds—his hand tangling in my hair, his body pressing
against mine with surprising urgency.

Then reality reasserts itself, and he pulls back with a sharp intake of breath.

"Scarth—"

"I'm sorry," I breathe against his lips. "For all of it."

Before he can respond, I activate the emergency teleport Dex provided.

The world dissolves into genetic disruption that feels like being torn apart at
the molecular level and reassembled somewhere else. The last thing I see is
Haruki's eyes, wide with shock and something that might have been understanding.

Then I'm somewhere else entirely, collapsing onto cold concrete in an alley
three districts away, my body convulsing as the teleportation technology
finishes its work. The dress Lin made for me is ruined, the reactive fibers
shorting out in patterns of dying light.

I lie there for several minutes, letting the nausea and disorientation pass
while I process what just happened. The mission was partially successful—I have
enough data to satisfy Marcus, even if it's not the complete package we'd hoped
for. But the cost...

I think about Haruki's offer, his willingness to let me walk away, the genuine
concern in his voice when he warned me about the choices I was making. I think
about the kiss on the balcony and the way he looked at me like I was someone
worth knowing.

Then I think about the kiss in the laboratory and the way his body responded
despite everything his mind knew about who I really am.

My comm unit chimes with a message from Marcus: "Status report required.
Emergency extraction protocols enacted?"

I stare at the message for a long moment before typing back: "Package secured.
Complications managed. Debriefing in six hours."

But as I pick myself up off the alley floor and begin the long walk back to my
apartment, I can't shake the feeling that something fundamental has changed
tonight. Not just in my professional circumstances, but in who I am and what I
want from this life.

Haruki Tanaka offered me a choice between the person I've been and the person I
could become. I chose the familiar path of professional obligation and moral
compromise.

The question now is whether I'll get another chance to choose differently.

And whether I'll be brave enough to take it.
